The Project Gutenberg EBook of Motion Pictures, 1971, by 
Copyright Office Library of Congress

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Motion Pictures, 1971
       Catalog of Copyright Entries Third Series Vol 25 Pts 12-13

Author: Copyright Office Library of Congress

Release Date: August 28, 2020 [EBook #63066]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MOTION PICTURES, 1971 ***




Produced by Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive)









                      Catalog of Copyright Entries

                             _Third Series_


              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 25, Parts 12–13, Number 1




                     Motion Pictures and Filmstrips




                              January-June
                                  1971


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE · THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1971


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                           L.C. card 6—35347

            This number identifies the Library of Congress
            printed card for the complete series of the
            _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.

            For sale by the Superintendent of Documents,
            U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington,
            D.C. 20402. Price of this part is given on page
            vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual or annual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $50 a year, for periods of one, two, or three
years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates
of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20540.

Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part. Some parts also contain registrations made under symbols
other than those listed for the particular part, if the subject matter
or type of material is similar to that generally included in the part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

   F Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
       designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
       those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
       to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
       the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
       domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

   I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

   O Published works of foreign origin registered under the
       waiver-of-fee provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the United
       States Code). (BIO, GFO)

   P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
       possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

   U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
       either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                              _Price per
                                                              semiannual
                                                                  issue_

 Part 1      Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and
               Contributions to Periodicals (In 2 sections)        $7.50
 A             Books
 BB            Contributions to periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 2      Periodicals (Annual issue)                             5.00
 B             Periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 3–4   Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery            2.50
 C             Lectures and other works prepared for oral
                 delivery
 D             Dramatic or dramatico-musical works
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 5      Music (In 2 sections)                                  7.50
 E             Musical compositions
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 6      Maps and Atlases                                       2.50
 F             Maps
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art,
               Scientific and Technical Drawings,
               Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
               Illustrations                                        2.50
 G             Works of art and models or designs for works
                 of art
 H             Reproductions of works of art
 I             Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific
                 or technical character
 J             Photographs
 K             Prints and pictorial illustrations
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 11B    Commercial Prints and Labels (Annual issue)            5.00
 KK            Commercial prints and labels
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures and Filmstrips                         2.50
 L             Motion-picture photoplays
 M             Motion pictures other than photoplays
 R             Renewal registrations




Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $50.00; $12.50
additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page

                       Current Registrations    1

                       Renewal Registrations   59

                       Name Index              69




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list published and unpublished motion pictures currently
registered in classes L and M, and filmstrips currently registered in
classes A and J. Films for which the copyright has been renewed are
listed separately in the Renewal Registrations section. The motion
pictures registered include feature pictures, cartoons, industrial
films, classroom films, television films, etc. Many of the recording
scripts made to accompany filmstrips are registered in classes C and D
and are listed in _Parts 3–4: Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral
Delivery_.

Arrangement is by title. Each work is described in a main entry which
includes information pertinent to the copyright claim. References are
made from other titles associated with the films.

The Name Index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing
companies, sponsors, authors, etc. given in the main entries covers both
currently registered works and renewal registrations, the latter being
identified by the symbol (R).

For works currently registered each main entry includes the following
items of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Production statement including name of releaser.

  3) Physical description, including running time or number of reels,
       width of film, etc.

  4) Series statement.

  5) Author and title of the published work on which the film is based
       or with which it is correlated.

  6) Names of individuals or organizations contributing to the
       production of the film.

  7) Names of principal actors and actresses, generally not more than
       five.

  8) Names given in the application which do not appear elsewhere in the
       entry.

  9) Application title if it varies substantially in wording from the
       title as it is given in the work.

 10) Name of the employer in the case of a work made for hire, if so
       named in the application.

 11) Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

 12) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed,
       preceded by the abbreviation NM, if this information is given in
       the application and is not indicated elsewhere in the entry.

 13) Copyright symbol ©.

 14) Name of the copyright claimant.

 15) For published works, date of publication as given in the
       application; for unpublished works, the date on which the last of
       all the items required to complete registration (i.e.,
       description and representative prints in the case of motion
       pictures—or a complete copy of the filmstrip—application, and
       fee) was received in the Copyright Office.

 16) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase, “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © Richard Roe & Co.;
19Mar71 (in notice: 1970), LP38800.

Works deposited in connection with copyright registration may be
selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.

For renewal registrations, the main entry includes the following items
of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Length of film in reels.

  3) Name of the author, which is usually the original producing
       company.

  4) Copyright symbol ©.

  5) Date of original copyright.

  6) Original registration number.

  7) Name of the renewal claimant followed by a statement usually
       abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal claim as supplied by
       the applicant; e.g., “John Doe & Co. (PWH)” indicates that
       renewal of copyright is claimed by John Doe & Co. as proprietor
       of copyright in a work made for hire.

  8) Date of receipt of the renewal application or fee, whichever is
       later.

  9) Renewal registration number.




                    Registrations January-June 1971


 Class L— Domestic published motion-picture photoplays               687
          Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                  9
          Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                        8
 Class M— Domestic published motion pictures other than photoplays   609
          Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays           73
          Filmstrips registered in class A                            77
          Filmstrips registered in class J                           381
                                                                   —————
                                   Total                           1,844
          Renewals: Class L and M                                    454

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
and filmstrips for January-June 1971, but do not necessarily represent
the exact number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_. Registration figures for other classes of material may be
found in the respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv.            print. privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v., vol.         volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                     MOTION PICTURES AND FILMSTRIPS




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of domestic and foreign motion pictures and
filmstrips registered during the period covered by this issue.
References from variant titles and from distinctive subtitles are
interfiled.


                                   A

  A.I.D.--THE WEEKEND. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  A.K.A. CASSIUS CLAY. Sports of the Century. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, William Cayton; director, Jim Jacobs; writer,
      Bernard Evslin.

    Cast: Muhammad Ali, Richard Kiley, Cus D'Amato.

    NM: compilation & additions.

    © Sports of the Century, Inc.; 3Nov70; LP38909.

  AN/TTC-31. GTE Sylvania. Made by Pike Productions. 9 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © GTE Sylvania, Inc.; 8Feb71; MP21310.

  A.S. 8. See

    EAR NOTCHING AND CLIPPING TEETH.

  ABSORPTION OF LIGHT BY CHLOROPHYLL. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Photosynthesis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21410.

  ACCENT ON THE ACCENT. Computer Image Corp. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Dolores Lawler. Appl. states prev. reg. 23Apr70,
    MU8164. © Computer Image Corp.; 1Jun70; MP21142.

  THE ACCOUNTING MACHINE. John Wiley & Sons. 24 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Punched card data processing series)

    Credits: Producer, Edward H. Rategan.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 5Apr71; MP21579.

  ACHIEVING SUCCESS IN THE WORLD OF JOBS. See

    JOB OPPORTUNITIES NOW.

  ACROSS THE POTOMAC. Sunday River Productions. 11 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (On the Western Maryland, pt. 2) Appl. author: Alva
    Morrison. © Sunday River Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison;
    20Jan71; MP21390.

  ACRYLICS. See

    CEMENTING AND LAMINATING.

    CUTTING AND FINISHING SERIES.

    DRILLING COMPRESSED CUBE.

    HEAT FORMING SERIES.

    INTERNAL CARVING.

  AN ACTOR WORKS (A SCENE FROM THE TROJAN WOMEN) Film Play/Data Bureau &
    Strolling Players. Distributed by Doubleday Multimedia. 21 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm.

    Cast: Viveca Lindfors.

    © Film Play/Data Bureau, Inc. & Strolling Players, Inc.; 15Dec71 (in
      notice: 1970); MP21484.

  ADAM-12. Mark VII. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal
    Television. © Adam-12 Productions.

    Log no.

    14. S.W.A.T. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Alan Crosland; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Adam Wade, Thomas Belin, William Boyett. ©
      22Jan70; LP39122.

    15. Exactly one hundred miles. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James
      Doherty; director, Joe Pevney; writer, Jack Hawn. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Butch Patrick, Stephanie Taylor, Ric Natoli.
      © 18Sep69; LP39063.

    23. Pig is a three letter word. Credits: Producer, James Doherty;
      director, Joe Pevney; writer, James Doherty. Cast: Martin Milner,
      Kent McCord, Robert Munk, Ed Rue, Linda Frey. © 9Oct69; LP39066.

    24. A rare occasion. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Robert Douglas; writer, Robert I. Holt. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Raymond Mayo, Mikki Jamison, Carla Borelli. ©
      12Feb70; LP39125.

    34. Astro. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty; director,
      Robert Douglas; writer, Guerdon Trueblood. Cast: Martin Milner,
      Kent McCord, Gary Crosby, Vance Sharstedt, William Boyett. ©
      9Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP39058.

    43. Hostage. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Joseph Pevney; writer, Robert Hamner. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Del Moore, John LeSell, Russ Conway. ©
      3Jan70; LP39121.

    44. Attempted bribery. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James
      Doherty; director & writer, James Doherty. Cast: Martin Milner,
      Kent McCord, Del Moore, Art Gilmore, George Brenlin. © 16Apr70;
      LP39133.

    52. Good cop: Handle with care. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb &
      James Doherty; director, Robert Douglas; writer, Preston Wood.
      Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Carl Reindel, Margarita Cordova,
      William Boyett. © 2Oct69; LP39065.

    54. Impersonation. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Joseph Pevney; writer, Robert I. Holt. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Woodrow Parfrey, James McEachin, W. Victor
      Scott. © 5Feb70; LP39124.

    63. Baby. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty; director,
      Joseph Pevney; writer, Guerdon Trueblood. Cast: Martin Milner,
      Kent McCord, William Boyett, Foster Brooks, George Dunn. © 6Nov69;
      LP39069.

    64. Bottom of the bottle. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James
      Doherty; director, Stan Crosland; writer, Robert L. Holt. Cast:
      Martin Milner, Kent McCord, J. Pat O'Nalley, Larry Blake, Norma
      Crane. © 29Jan70; LP39123.

    74. Light duty. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Alan Crosland; writer, Guerdon Trueblood. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, William Boyett, Beth Brickel, David Brooks. ©
      19Mar70; LP39129.

    83. A different thing. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James
      Doherty; director, Robert Douglas; writer, Richard Neil Morgan.
      Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Naomi Stevens, Pearl Shear,
      Benny Rubin. © 16Oct69; LP39067.

    93. One a junkie. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Joseph Pevney; writer, Guerdon Trueblood. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, John Ken, Robert Donner, Barney Phillips. ©
      20Nov69; LP39070.

    94. Vengence. Credits: Producers, James Doherty & Herman Saunders;
      director, Alan Crosland; writer, Doherty. Cast: Martin Milner,
      Kent McCord, Timothy Brown, James McEachin, Luana Patten. ©
      5May70; LP59127.

    103. A sound like thunder. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James
      Doherty; director, Joseph Pevney; writer, James Doherty. Cast:
      Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Ralph Moody, Barbara Baldwin, Mikki
      Jamison. © 30Oct69; LP39068.

    104. The bomb. Credits: Producers, James Doherty & Herman S.
      Saunders; director, Jean Yarbrough; writer, Robert I. Holt. Cast:
      Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Bing Russell, Robert Knapp, Frank
      Maxwell. © 12Mar70; LP39128.

    114. Hero. Credits: Producers, James Doherty & Herman S. Saunders,
      director, Joe Pevney; writer, Don Ingalls. Cast: Martin Milner,
      Kent McCord, A. Martinez, Natividad Vacio, Ann Doran. © 26Mar70;
      LP39130.

    123. Courtroom. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Joseph Pevney; writer, Richard Will Morgan. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, William Boyett, William Traylor, Cary Crosby.
      © 27Nov69; LP39071.

    124. Airport. Credits: Producers, James Doherty & Herman Saunders;
      director, Alan Crosland; writer, Doherty. Cast: Martin Milner,
      Kent McCord, Myron Healey, Raymond Mayo, John Sebastian. ©
      26Feb70; LP39126.

    134. Child stealer. Credits: Producers, James Doherty & Herman S.
      Saunders; director, Alan Crosland; writer, Doherty. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Gloria Manon, Squire Fridell, Quent
      Sondergaard. © 2Apr70; LP39131.

    142. As high as you are. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James
      Doherty; director, Robert Douglas; writer, Guerdon Trueblood.
      Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Jerry Ayres, Art Matrano, Frank
      Campenella. © 18Dec69; LP39073.

    143. Cave. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty; director,
      Alan Crosland; writer, Robert Holt. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent
      McCord, Kathleen O'Malley, Sam Edwards, Bing Russell. © 11Dec69;
      LP39072.

    144. Bank robbery. Credits: Producers, James Doherty & Herman S.
      Saunders; director, Joe Pevney; writer, Doherty. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Mike Mazurki, Dorothy Keller, Jed Allan. ©
      9Apr70; LP39132.

    153. Find me a needle. © 25Sep69; LP39064.

    173. Shoplift. Credits: Producers, Jack Webb & James Doherty;
      director, Alan Crosland; writer, Robert I. Holt. Cast: Martin
      Milner, Kent McCord, Nira Barab, Nira Shipman, Jo De Winter. ©
      7May70 (in notice: 1969); LP39059.

  ADAM-12. Mark VII. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min each,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television
    & NBC-TV Network. © Adam-12 Productions.

    Log no.

    61. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Phil Rawlins;
      writer, Noel Nosseck. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, William
      Stevens, Claude Johnson, Robert Donner. © 12Dec68; LP38771.

    72. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Phil Rawlins;
      writer, Robert H. Forward. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord,
      Stafford Repp, James B. Sikking, James McCallion. © 7Nov68;
      LP38767.

    91. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Alan Crosland;
      writer, Preston Wood. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Richard
      Van Fleet. © 17Oct68; LP38764.

    101. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Holly Morse;
      writer, Tom Dunphy. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Margaret
      Field, Steve Cory, Floyd Mutrix. © 14Nov68; LP38768.

    111. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Hollingsworth
      Morse; writer, Preston Wood. Cast: Kent McCord, Martin Milner,
      William Stevens, Claude Johnson, Robert Rothwell. © 5Dec68;
      LP38770.

    122. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Hollingsworth
      Morse; writer, Preston Wood. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord,
      Dick Foran, Jack Hogan, Mittie Lawrence. © 19Dec68; LP38772.

    131. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Hollingsworth
      Morse; writer, Preston Wood. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord,
      Joan Shawlee, Vincent Beck, Gene Dynorksi. © 10Oct68; LP38763.

    132. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Phil Rawlins;
      writer, Richard Neil Morgan. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Lee
      J. Lambert, Dianna Curtis, Richard Steele. © 28Nov68; LP38769.

  ADAM-12. Mark VII. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television &
    NBC-TV Network. © Adam-12 Productions.

    Log no.

    51. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Harry Morgan;
      writer, Richard Neil Morgan. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord,
      Henry Beckman, Hal Smith. © 26Dec68; LP38773.

    71. Credits: Producer, R. A. Cinader; director, Alan Crosland;
      writer, Robert Holt. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Ned Glass,
      Charles Dierkop, Dennis Turner. © 2Nov68; LP38766.

    161. Credits: Producer, Bob Cinader; director, Phil Rawlins; writer,
      Preston Wood. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent McCord, Don Hanmer, Eve
      Brent. © 26Oct68; LP38765.

  ADDING AND CALCULATING MACHINES. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES.

  ADDING WITH FRACTIONS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21078.

  ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  ADDITION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films.
    1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school
    mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP21061.

  ADDITION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21064.

  ADDITION WITH MIXED NUMERALS. General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Released in cooperation with National Council
    of Teachers of Mathematics. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70;
    MP21221.

  THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON (Filmstrip) Lollipop Dragon
    Productions. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Distributed by Society for
    Visual Education, Inc.

    Contents: L106-1--L106-6: How the lollipop dragon got his name
      (Sharing) 55 fr.--Working together. 41 fr.--Avoiding litter. 31
      fr.--Care of property. 34 fr.--Taking turns. 37 fr.--Kindness to
      animals. 40 fr.

    © Lollipop Dragon Productions, Inc.; 10Aug70; JP12875.

  ADVENTURES WITH ALPHIE (Filmstrip) Knowledge Aid. 4 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: A gorilla is a gorilla? 33 fr.--A bowerbird is a
      bowerbird? 27 fr.--A penguin is a penguin? 31 fr.--An ant is an
      ant? 34 fr.

    © Knowledge aid, whose full name is Knowledge Aid, division of
      M.J.E. Corp.; 29Dec70; A226647.

  AEROBIC RESPIRATION. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Respiration) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21414.

  AFFAIR OF HONOR. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  AFRICA: LIVING IN TWO WORLDS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. Made by Visual Education Centre. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (The African scene) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    5Feb71 (in notice: 1970); MP21276.

  AFRICA SOUTH OF THE SAHARA. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  AFRICAN SCENE. See

    AFRICA: LIVING IN TWO WORLDS.

    BOY OF BOTSWANA.

    CITY BOY OF THE IVORY COAST.

    TWO BOYS OF ETHIOPIA.

  AFRICAN WITNESS (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    manual, 1 v. Produced with Foreign Mission Board. © Broadman Films;
    1Apr71; A248889.

  AFRO-CITY: ABEOKUTA, NIGERIA (Filmstrip) ABT Associates. 26 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Script, camera, editing, Ray Glazier.

    © ABT Associates, Inc.; 8Jun70; JP13052.

  AN AFTERNOON IN A TUSCAN VILLA. Malcolm R. McBride. 28 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director, Malcolm R. McBride; film collaborator, Quin
      Young; assistant collaborator & interpreter, Edward Petrucci;
      chief photographer, Silvano Nencini; assistant photographer,
      Franco Taccola.

    © Malcolm R. McBride; 26Nov70; MP21133.

  THE AGE OF EXPANSION. See

    WORLD HISTORY: THREE GREAT ERAS OF MANKIND.

  AGE OF EXPLORATION AND EXPANSION. Centron Educational Films. 16 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Feb71; MP21470.

  AGENDA FOR THE 70S (Filmstrip) Urban Task Force, United States
    Catholic Conference. Made by Urbex Affiliates. 124 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Narrator, Chet Huntley; music, Bill Comeau.

    © United States Catholic Conference, Inc., Urban Task Force;
      30Oct70; JP12963.

  THE AGING OF LAKES. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 19Feb71; MP21568.

  AGRICULTURE. See

    SEEING EASTERN EUROPE.

  AGRICULTURE AND FISHING. See

    SEEING THE PACIFIC STATES.

  AIR POLLUTION MENACE. See

    AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.

  AIRMAN'S INFORMATION MANUAL (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 2 filmstrips
    (section A, 92 fr.; section B, 88 fr.), color, 35 mm. Appls. state
    prev. pub. 4Mar68, JP10680 & JP10681. NM: additions. © Sanderson
    Films, Inc.; 1Jan71; JP12982-12983.

  AIRPORT. Ross Hunter Productions. Released by Universal Pictures. 137
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Arthur Hailey.

    Cast: Burt Lancaster, George Kennedy, Dana Wynter, Dean Martin,
      Barry Nelson.

    © Universal Pictures & Ross Hunter Productions, Inc.; 5Mar70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38968.

  AIRPORT. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 124.

  ALADDIN AND THE MAGIC LAMP. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  ALBERT. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  ALEX IN WONDERLAND. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    A Coriander production.

    Credits: Associate producer, Anthony Ray; original music composed &
      conducted by Tom O'Horgan; director of photography, Laszlo Kovacs;
      camera operator, Bob Byrne.

    Cast: Donald Sutherland, Ellen Burstyn, Meg Mazursky, Glenna
      Sergent, Viola Spolin.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 30Dec70; LP38518.

  ALICE IN WONDERLAND. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  ALL ABOUT SEEDS. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  THE ALL AMERICAN BAND. McDonald's Corp. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Mattco production. © McDonald's
    Corp.; 18Nov70; LP39153.

  ALL EYES ON YOU. Cine Mark, division of Krebs Productions. Presented
    by Coca Cola Co. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented in
    cooperation with National Cheerleaders Assn. © Coca-Cola Co.;
    2Mar70; MP21492.

  ALL THE LASSIES. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  ALL THINGS BRIGHT AND BEAUTIFUL. See

    SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY.

  THE ALLAPUR CONSPIRACY. See

    MAYA.

  ALONG CAME JOEY. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  ALPHABETIC CORRESPONDENCE. See

    BUSINESS FILING.

  ALPHABETIC FILING: INDIVIDUAL NAMES. Lesson 1 (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 29 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer, C. A. Rohr.

    Appl. author: Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District. Appl. ti.:
      Alphabetical filing: individual names.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec70; JP13012.

  ALPHABETIZING RULES. See

    BUSINESS FILING.

  ALPINE, TEXAS. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 10.

  AM I DEPENDABLE? Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. 2d ed. of Am I trustworthy? © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP21041.

  AM I TRUSTWORTHY. See

    AM I DEPENDABLE.

  AMBLIN. Denis C. Hoffman. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Denis C. Hoffman; director & writer, Steven
      Spielberg; music, Michael Lloyd; photographer, Allen Daviau.

    Cast: Pamela McMyler, Richard Levin.

    © Denis C. Hoffman; 17Sep70; LU3607.

  AMERICA AT GETTYSBURG. S. M. G. Investments. 22 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © S. M. G. Investments, Inc.; 11May71; MU8325.

  AMERICA, I KNOW YOU. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend
    Films. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the book by Bill Martin,
    Jr. © FilmFair, Inc.; 10Mar71; MP21458.

  AMERICA--1970. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 12, issue 6.

  THE AMERICAN BALD EAGLE. Coronet Instructional Films & Laboratory of
    Ornithology, Cornell University. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 7Jan71; MP21347.

  THE AMERICAN ELM--PLAN FOR SURVIVAL. Iowa State University. 23 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 17Oct70; MP21342.

  AMERICAN INDIAN LIFE ON THE SOUTHERN PLAINS. Science Museum. Made by
    Film Co. 65 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writer, Karen D. Petersen.

    © Science Museum; 1Nov70; MP21341.

  THE AMERICAN LANGUAGE. SEE

    LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.

  THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN. ABC Sports. Approx. 50 min. each, sd., color,
    16 mm. © ABC Sports, Inc.

    Show no.

    1. © 9Dec70; MP21583.

    2. © 18Dec70; MP21584.

    3. © 28Dec70; MP21585.

    4. © 6Jan71; MP21586.

    5. © 15Jan71; MP21587.

    6. © 25Jan71; MP21588.

    7. © 3Feb71; MP21617.

    8. Appl. states prev. reg. 10Dec69, MP20337. NM: segment 2 & 3. ©
      16Feb71; MP21618.

    9. Appl. states prev. reg. 19Dec69, MP20338. NM: segment 1 & 3. ©
      23Feb71; MP21619.

    10. Appl. states prev. reg. 19Dec69, MP20338. NM: segment 1. ©
      3Mar71; MP21620.

    11. Appl. states prev. reg. 29Dec69, MP20339. NM: segment 1 & 3. ©
      12Mar71; MP21621.

  THE AMERICAN WILDERNESS. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented in cooperation with National Academy of
    Sciences.

    Credits: Producer, director & writer, Robert Rogers; reporter, Hugh
      Downs; music, Charlie Byrd; cameraman, Richard Norling; editor,
      Desmond McElroy.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 15Jan71; MP21378.

  THE AMERICAN WILDERNESS: HERITAGE IN PERIL (Filmstrip) Scholastic
    Magazines. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. NM: compilation. © Scholastic
    Magazines, Inc.; 1Oct70; JP13042.

  THE AMERICA'S CUP RACES 1970. Thomas J. Lipton, Inc. 28 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Sterling Films. © Thomas
    J. Lipton, Inc.; 23Apr71; MP21612.

  THE AMERICA'S CUP RACES 1970. Thomas J. Lipton, Inc. 40 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Sterling Films. NM:
    additional cinemagraphic work. © Thomas J. Lipton, Inc.; 6May71;
    MP21611.

  AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS. Group 1 (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 6 v.

    Contents: A202-1--202-6: The roots of our urban problems. 72
      fr.--The air pollution menace. 74 fr.--Water pollution, a complex
      problem. 73 fr.--Solid waste, a new pollutant. 68 fr. The
      transportation crisis. 66 fr.--The housing crisis. 50 fr.

    Credits: Consultant, John E. Drodow.

    Appl. author: Woodbury Conkling.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 1Feb71; A226002.

  AMOS AND THE BLACK BULL. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE. Pt. 1: The orbit. Institute of
    Op[h]thalmology & Baylor College of Medicine. Made by Teaching
    Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director, Herbert R. Smith; script, Connie Nelson;
      narrator, Don Macon; illustrator, Jan Wyman; photographers,
      Joachim Zwer & Gene Davis; editor, Eugenia Doughtie.

    © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 13Jan71; MU8276.

  ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE. Pt. 2: Extraocular muscles. Institute of
    Op[h]thalmology & Baylor College of Medicine. Made by Teaching
    Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director, Herbert R. Smith; script, Connie Nelson;
      narrator, Don Macon; illustrators, Jan Wyman, Steve Harrison &
      Barry Baker; photographers, Joachim Zwer & Allen Mewbourn; editor,
      Eugenia Doughtie.

    © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 13Jan71; MU8275.

  AND ONE MORE SPRING. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  AND THEY PAINTED DAISIES ON HIS COFFIN. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  AND YOU GAVE ME (Filmstrip) Graded Press. Made by Division of
    Curriculum Resources, General Board of Education, United Methodist
    Church. 67 fr., color, 35 mm. With Leader's guide & Reading script,
    18 p. Produced through Trafco. Guide by Harold D. Burkhardt; written
    by George E. Koehler; photography by Wayne Smith. © Graded Press;
    31Dec70; A209763.

  THE ANDERSON TAPES. Robert M. Weitman Productions. Released by
    Columbia Pictures. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by
    Lawrence Sanders.

    Credits: Producer, Robert M. Weitman; director, Sidney Lumet;
      screenplay, Frank R. Pierson; music composer & conductor, Quincy
      Jones; director of photography, Arthur J. Ornitz; film editor,
      Joanne Burke.

    Cast: Sean Connery, Dyan Cannon, Martin Balsam, Ralph Meeker, Alan
      King.

    © Robert M. Weitman Productions; 1Jun71; LP39158.

  ANDREA DEL SARTO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Mar67; JP12940.

  ANDREA MANTEGNA (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12932.

  ANESTHESIA. See

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  ANGEL FOOD CAKE. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21254.

  ANGEL IN THE FAMILY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  ANGEL UNCHAINED. American International Productions. 90 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Lee Madden; co-producer, Norman T.
      Herman; screenplay, Jeffrey Alladin Fiskin; music, Randy Sparks;
      music supervision, Al Simms; director of photography, Irving
      Lippman; film editor, Fred Feitshans, Jr.

    Cast: Don Stroud, Luke Askew, Larry Bishop, Tyne Daly, Neil Moran.

    © American International Productions; 19Aug70; LP38509.

  ANIMAL BEHAVIOR. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  ANIMAL LIFE SERIES. Set 1. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 7 motion pictures
    (9 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 17Nov70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21392.

  ANIMAL LIFE SERIES. Set 2. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 7 motion pictures
    (9 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 17Nov70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21393.

  ANIMAL NAMES--PETS AND FARM. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  ANIMAL NAMES--ZOO. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  ANIMALS HATCHED FROM EGGS. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Milo K. Blecha.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Nov70;
      MP21357.

  ANIMALS IN THE FOREST. See

    SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY.

  ANIMALS OF EVERY KIND. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  ANIMALS THAT LIVE IN WATER. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 5Nov70; MP21054.

  ANNE OF THE THOUSAND DAYS. Universal Pictures. 145 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Panavision. Based on the play by Maxwell Anderson.

    Cast: Richard Burton, Genevieve Bujold, Irene Papas, Terry Wilton,
      Valerie Gearon.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 18Dec69; LP38938.

  ANOTHER CLEAN STORY. Westinghouse Electric Corp. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, division of T.T.P. Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Westinghouse Electric Corp.; 8Feb71; MU8307.

  AN ANT IS AN ANT. See

    ADVENTURES WITH ALPHIE.

  ANTONELLO DA MESSINA (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Feb67; JP12927.

  ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN IN ROME. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  APPLYING CLUTCHES AND BANDS. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 31 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, C-2A)

    Credits: By Sheldon Abbott.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68; JP13078.

  ARCHAEOLOGY. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  ARCHITECTURAL DRAFTSMAN. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  ARK. Film Group I. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writer & director, Rolf Forsberg.

    © Film Group I; 15Aug70; MP21108.

  ART & MAN. See

    THE CITY: A PORTRAIT IN CONTRASTS.

  THE ART OF HANDLING PEOPLE (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12785.

  ARTERIAL BLOOD PRESSURE REGULATION. John Wiley & Sons. 19 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Transcription Centre production. © John Wiley &
    Sons, Inc. (in notice: John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.); 23Dec70; MP21600.

  ARTS AND CRAFTS FOR CHILDREN. See

    COLORED CHALK.

    CRAYONS.

    DIRECT PRINTING.

    INDIRECT PRINTING.

    PAINTING WITH TEMPERA.

    WATERCOLORS.

  ARTS AND HUMANITIES OF THE ERA. See

    PATHWAYS TO MUSIC.

  AS HIGH AS YOU ARE. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 142.

  ASK AGAMEMNON. See

    GOODBYE GEMINI.

  ASPECTS OF CELL ULTRASTRUCTURE. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  ASSOCIATIVE PROPERTY OF ADDITION. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  ASTRO. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 34.

  AT BULLFROG LAKE. King Screen Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © King Broadcasting Co.; 13Jan71; MP21227.

  AT LAST A TAX BREAK FOR YOU (Filmstrip) Paul Indianer & Co. 57 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Paul Indianer & Co., Inc.; 1Feb68; JP13033.

  AT LAST A TAX BREAK FOR YOU (Filmstrip) Paul Indianer & Co. 52 fr.,
    color, 16 mm. © Paul Indianer & Co., Inc.; 1Apr71; JP13124.

  ATATURK. Sim Productions. 27 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Marianna Norris. © Sim Productions, Inc.; 15Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
    LP39025.

  ATLANTA 500 '68. Douglas E. McGowan. 17 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Appl. states prev. reg. 17Mar69, MU8032. © Douglas E. McGowan;
    15Dec69 (in notice: 1968); MP21377.

  ATTEMPTED BRIBERY. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 44.

  ATTORNEY/HOSPITAL. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH. Set 2 (Filmstrip) Macmillan Co. 10 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Telling time. 48 fr.--Comparison of adjectives. 53
      fr.--Food and meals. 47 fr.--Money and change. 47 fr.--Clothing:
      Color and sizes. 50 fr.--Human body and do, does. 39 fr.--Weather.
      42 fr.--Linear measurement. 36 fr.--Direction words. 46
      fr.--Liquid measurement.

    Credits: Text, Patricia Heffernan-Cabrera; designer & illustrator,
      Jack Schecterson Associates.

    © Macmillan Co.; 15Sep70; A247452.

  AUTO BODY SAFETY. See

    AUTOMOTIVE BODY SAFETY.

  AUTO COURTROOM. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  AUTO TEMP II (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 73 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 15Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12879.

  AUTO THEFT--DOGNAPPER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  AUTOMATED BELLY SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 800. Iowa State University.
    Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 3 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    7Oct70; MP21156.

  AUTOMATED JOWL AND FATBACK SKINNING AND SLASHING, TOWNSEND NO. 814.
    Iowa State University. Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of
    Animal Science. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend
    Engineering Co. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 7Oct70; MP21157.

  AUTOMATIC LINKING WITH COLLAGEN CASINGS. Iowa State University. Made
    by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 3 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    9Oct70; MP21150.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit I: Introduction (Filmstrip) Ford Division
    National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 55 fr.; right, 43 fr.),
    color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP13109.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit II: Disassembly (Filmstrip) Ford Division
    National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 40 fr.; right, 40 fr.),
    color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12969.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit III, pt. 1: Principles of planetary gears
    (Filmstrip) Ford Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips
    (left, 46 fr.; right, 44 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12973.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit III, pt. 2: Principles of clutches and
    bands (Filmstrip) Ford Division National Service Office. 2
    filmstrips (left, 48 fr.; right, 54 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin
    projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12972.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit III, pt. 3: Applying clutches and bands
    (Filmstrip) Ford Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips
    (left, 43 fr.; right, 62 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12967.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit IV: Torque converter (Filmstrip) Ford
    Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 40 fr.; right,
    56 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12970.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit V, pt. 1: Hydraulic system (Filmstrip)
    Ford Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 45 fr.;
    right, 55 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP13110.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit V, pt. 2: Hydraulic system (Filmstrip)
    Ford Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 47 fr.;
    right, 56 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12971.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit VI: Transmission cooling and lubrication
    (Filmstrip) Ford Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips
    (left, 39 fr.; right, 48 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12968.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit VIII, pt. 1: Diagnosis (Filmstrip) Ford
    Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 59 fr.; right,
    64 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12975.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit VIII, pt. 2: Diagnosis (Filmstrip) Ford
    Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 55 fr.; right,
    44 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12974.

  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION. Unit VIII, pt. 3: Diagnosis (Filmstrip) Ford
    Division National Service Office. 2 filmstrips (left, 55 fr.; right,
    47 fr.), color, 35 mm. Twin projection.

    Credits: Developer, Chester Potters.

    © Ford Marketing Corp.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP12966.

  AUTOMOTIVE BODY SAFETY (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 45 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Paul Wells.

    Appl. ti.: Auto body safety.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13099.

  AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY. See

    ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT.

    AUTOMOTIVE BODY SAFETY.

    BODY AND FRAME CONSTRUCTION.

    DRUM LATHE OPERATION.

    ELECTRICAL CIRCUITS.

    ELECTRON THEORY.

    FRAME DAMAGE ANALYSIS AND CORRECTION.

    HOW TO USE A DISTRIBUTOR MACHINE.

    MASTER CYLINDER SERVICE.

    THE OHMMETER.

    SERVICING THE BENDIX DUO-SERVO BRAKE.

    SOLDER REPAIR.

    WHEEL CYLINDER SERVICE.

  AVOIDING LITTER. See

    THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.


                                   B

  B. F. SKINNER DEMONSTRATES OPERANT CONDITIONING. Meredith Corp. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. A Fisher-Slezas Films production.

    Credits: By B. F. Skinner & Ellen P. Reese.

    © Meredith Corp.; 27May71; MP21591.

  BABY. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 63.

  BABY NURSE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE BACK: THE SHOULDER REGION. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 9Apr71; MU8318.

  THE BACK: THE SUBOCCIPITAL REGION. Teaching Films. 9 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Guides to dissection)

    © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 9Apr71; MU8317.

  BACKGROUND OF WESTERN CIVILIZATION. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  BADGE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  BAKING A CAKE. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21236.

  BAKING A CUSTARD. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21256.

  BALEARES 1970. The Ultimate Mirror. 25 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1/2
    in.)

    Credits: Producer & director, Richard P. Rubinstein.

    Cast: Drew, Henry, Nancy.

    © The Ultimate Mirror; 1Jan71; MP21599.

  BALTIMORE, MARYLAND. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 3.

  BANANAS. Rollins & Joffe Productions. Released by United Artists Corp.
    82 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Jack Grossberg; director, Woody Allen; writer,
      Woody Allen & Mickey Rose; music, Marvin Hamlisch; director of
      photography, Andrew M. Costokyan; film editor, Ron Kalish.

    Cast: Woody Allen, Louise Lasser, Carlos Montalban, Natividad
      Abascal, Jacobo Morales.

    © Rollins & Joffe Productions; 28Apr71; LP39154.

  BANK ROBBERY. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 144.

  BANK TELLERS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  BARBARA. Druidstone-Hottentot Production Corp. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. Adapted from the book of the same title, by Frank Newman.

    Credits: Director, Walter Burns; screenplay, Josef Bush; cameraman,
      Oswaldo Novaes; editors, Neil Erwin & others.

    Cast: Jack Rader, Nancy Boyle, Robert McLane, Barbara, John Kuhner.

    Appl. author: Olympia Press, Inc.

    © Druidstone-Hottentot Production Corp. & Olympia Films, Inc.;
      10Aug70; MP21107.

  THE BAREFOOT EXECUTIVE. Walt Disney Productions. Released by Buena
    Vista Distribution Co. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Bill Anderson; director, Robert Butler;
      screenplay by Joseph L. McEveety; music, Robert F. Brunner;
      director of photography, Charles F. Wheeler; film editor, Robert
      Stafford.

    Cast: Kurt Russell, Joe Flynn, Harry Morgan, Wally Cox, Heather
      North.

    © Walt Disney Productions; 11Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP38782.

  BAROQUE ERA. See

    PATHWAYS TO MUSIC.

  BASEBALL. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  BASEBALL BATS. See

    HOT DOG. Series no. 9.

  BASIC ASPECTS OF MOLECULAR BIOLOGY. (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 47 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Planner & writer, Gene Lombard.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 15Feb70; JP12907.

  BASIC INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY. Program no. 2: Liquid sampling. Pt. 1.
    Techniques (Filmstrip) Sadtler Research Laboratories. Made by
    Communication Skills Corp. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. © Communication
    Skills Corp.; 18Nov70; JP13055.

  BASIC INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY. Program no. 3: Liquid sampling
    (Filmstrip) Sadtler Research Laboratories. Made by Communication
    Skills Corp. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Communication Skills Corp.;
    18Nov70; JP12817.

  BASIC INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY. Program 4: Solid sampling (Filmstrip)
    Sadtler Research Laboratories. Made by Communication Skills Corp. 54
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Communication Skills Corp.; 18Nov70; JP12767.

  BASIC OIL BURNER SERVICING. Galego Oil Co. 27 reels, sd., b&w. ©
    Galego Oil Co.; 20May71; MU8333.

  BASIC PARTS AND THEIR FUNCTIONS. See

    LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE.

  BASIC SENTENCE INGREDIENTS. See

    UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

  BATON TECHNIQUES FOR CHURCH CHORAL CONDUCTORS. Motion Picture Dept.,
    Brigham Young University. 24 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Brigham Young
    University; 1Jan71; LP38885.

  BEAR, THE DRAGON: WHO IS NUMBER ONE. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 12, issue 3.

  BEAST OF BLOOD. Beast of Blood Co. Released by Hemisphere Pictures. 90
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Beast of Blood Co.; 6May70; LP38823.

  THE BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  BED. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  BED AND BOARD. See

    DOMICILE CONJUGAL.

  BEEF. See

    [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE BEGUILED. Malpaso Co. [Italy] Released in the U.S. by Universal
    Pictures. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Thomas
    Cullinan.

    Credits: Producer & director, Donald Siegel; screenplay, John B.
      Sherry & Grimes Grice; music, Lalo Schifrin; director of
      photography, Bruce Surtees; film editor, Carl Pingitore.

    Cast: Clint Eastwood, Geraldine Page, Elizabeth Hartman, Jo Ann
      Harris, Darleen Carr.

    © Universal Pictures & Malpaso Co.; 23Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP39189.

  BEING CAREFUL WITH FIRE. See

    SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY.

  BELOVED FRIEND. See

    THE MUSIC LOVERS.

  BEN-GAY TUBE. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Beneficial Corp. Approx. 30
    sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corp.

    Beneficial Finance instant tax refund. BLL0831. © 23Dec70; MP21451.

  BENEFICIAL FINANCE INSTANT TAX REFUND. See

    [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  BENOZZO GOZZOLI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12930.

  BETTER A WIDOW. Ultra Film & Universal Productions France. Released by
    Universal Pictures. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Turi Vasile; director, Duccio Tessari; story,
      Ennio De Concini; screenplay, Andriano Baracco & others; music
      composer, Carlo Rustichelli, conductor, Bruno Nicolai; director of
      photography, Ennio Guarnieri; film editor, Mario Morra.

    Cast: Virna Lisi, Peter McEnery, Gariele Ferzetti, Jean Servais,
      Agnes Spaak.

    © Ultra Film, S.P.A.; 29Mar68; LP38887.

  BETTY BELCHER, OFFICE WORKER. See

    BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK.

  BETWEEN RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp., 5Aug70; MP21076.

  BETWEEN THE WHOLE NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21073.

  BEWARE THE FRIENDLY DRAGON. Illinois Central Railroad. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Illinois Central Railroad; 28Oct70; MP21535.

  BEWARE THE WILES OF THE STRANGER. See

    IRONSIDE.

  BEYOND THE WHOLE NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21062.

  BIBLE DISCOVERERS (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board of the Southern
    Baptist Convention. 25 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sunday School Board of
    the S.B.C.; 5Mar71; JP13010.

  BIBLE LEARNERS (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board of the Southern Baptist
    Convention. 21 fr., color, 35 mm. (Vacation Bible school) © Sunday
    School Board of the S.B.C.; 5Mar71; JP13011.

  BIBLE SEARCHERS (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board of the Southern
    Baptist Convention. 22 fr., color, 35 mm. (Vacation Bible School) ©
    Sunday School Board of the S.B.C.; 5Mar71; JP13009.

  BIBLICAL ORIGINS OF CHRISTIAN FAITH, FILMSTRIP SERIES 1012. See

    BLOOD OF THE LAMB.

  BIG CITY CIRCUS. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  BIG DAY TOMORROW. Dun & Bradstreet. Made by Audio Productions. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Economics and the individual) © Dun &
    Bradstreet, Inc.; 4Feb71; MP21194.

  BIG DOG SHOW-OFF. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  THE BIGGEST LITTLE POST OFFICE IN THE WORLD. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  THE BIGGEST RECTANGLE. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21090

  BINDING. See

    HOW A BOOK IS MADE.

  BIOCHEMICAL TESTS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21428.

  BIOCHEMISTRY OF DNA. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  BIRDS, BEES AND ROMANS. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  THE BIRTH OF A PIG. AS-7. Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 30Dec70; MP21170.

  THE BIRTHDAY BOY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  BISCUITS AND BILLY, THE KID. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  BISHOP TURNER: BLACK NATIONALIST. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 23Nov70 (in notice: 1968); MP21277.

  BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: George Bruno, hospital administrator. 52 fr.--Betty
      Belcher, office worker. 49 fr.--John Claiborne, butcher. 50
      fr.--Jonathan Lanier, student. 55 fr.--Gaddis Rathel, storekeeper.
      54 fr.--Shelvin Hall, minister. 51 fr.

    Credits: Producer, Gary Stallings; educational collaborator, Kenneth
      R. Johnson.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 7Dec70;
      JP12897.

  BLACK JADE. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  BLACKJACK BOWLING. Dennis Dunn, Inc. 23 min., sd., b&w. Videotape.

    Credits: Producer, Dennis Dunn; director, Warren Hills.

    Cast: Host, Jim Simpson.

    © Dennis Dunn, Inc.; 2Jun71; MU8327.

  BLESSING. See

    LASSIE.

  BLIND MAN'S BLUFF. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  BLIZZARD ON SHERMAN. Sunday River Productions. 14 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions,
    solely owned by Alva Morrison; 25May71; MP21613.

  BLOOD AND SAND. Gregstan Enterprises. Released by Sterling Television.
    25 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Silents please)

    Credits: Author of new material, Paul Killiam.

    Cast: Rudolph Valentino, Nita Naldi, Lila Lee, Walter Lang.

    Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 15Aug22, L18230. NM: revisions,
      abridgement, effects, score & narration.

    © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 19Nov63 (in notice: 1959); LP39032.

  BLOOD OF THE LAMB (Filmstrip) Alpha Corp. of America, Educational
    Division. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. (Biblical origins of Christian
    faith, filmstrip series 1012) With Reading script, 1 v.

    Credits: Director, D. J. D'Angelo; writer, J. C. O'Sheil.

    © Alpha Corp. of America; 5Oct70; A222150.

  BLOOD OF THE TIGER. See

    MAYA.

  BOARD PROPOSALS AND COUNTER PROPOSALS (Filmstrip) Educational Service
    Bureau. Made by Aids to Motivation. 117 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Service Bureau, Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13067.

  BOATING U.S.A. Willard Pictures. Released by Universal Pictures. 2
    reels, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, John M. Squiers, Jr.; writers, A. Spelvin &
      Willard Colophon; music, D. Pinsky; photographer, Dick Durrance;
      editors, A. Ross & Tom Pagnota.

    © Willard Pictures, Inc.; 1Jan69; LP38562.

  BODY. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  BODY AND FRAME CONSTRUCTION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 32
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, G-1)

    Credits: Planned & written by Sheldon Abbott & Paul Wells.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68; JP13088.

  BODYGUARD. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  BOMB. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 104.

  BOOLOOTIAN: BIOLOGY FILMSTRIPS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  BORN TO SUCCEED: BEHAVIORAL PROCEDURES FOR EDUCATION. Hampshire
    Communications Corp. Released by Appleton-Century Crofts. 2 reels,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in conjunction with Fisher-Slezas Films.

    Credits: By Ellen P. Reese.

    © Meredith Corp.; 31Dec70; MP21529.

  BOTSWANA, WHERE A RIVER DIES. Wild Dog Films. 90 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Producer, writer, editor, photographer, narrator, Marty
      Stouffer.

    © Marty Stouffer d.b.a. Wild Dog Films; 3May71; MP21604.

  BOTTOM OF THE BOTTLE. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 64.

  A BOWERBIRD IS A BOWERBIRD. See

    ADVENTURES WITH ALPHIE.

  BOWLING. Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States. 1
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Foote, Cone & Belding. ©
    Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States; 21Nov70;
    MP21055.

  BOX. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  BOXING. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS].

  BOY OF BOTSWANA. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made by
    Visual Education Centre. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The African
    scene) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 30Nov70;
    MP21027.

  THE BOYS AGAINST THE GIRLS. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE BOYS IN THE BAND. Leo Productions. Released by Cinema Center
    Films. 120 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a play as first
    produced on stage by Richard Barr & Charles Woodward.

    Credits: Producer, Mart Crowley; director, William Friedkin; writer,
      Mart Crowley; director of photography, Arthur J. Ornitz; editors,
      Carl Lerner, Gerald Greenberg.

    Cast: Kenneth Nelson, Frederick Combs, Cliff Gorman, Laurence
      Luckinbill, Keith Prentice.

    © Leo Productions, Ltd.; 6Mar70; LP38966.

  BRASS RING. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  BREWSTER MCCLOUD. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. An Adler-Phillips-Lion's Gate Films production.

    Credits: Producer, Lou Adler; director, Robert Altman; writer, Doran
      William Cannon; music, John Phillips & others; film editor, Louis
      Lombardo.

    Cast: Bud Cort, Sally Kellerman, Michael Murphy, William Windom,
      John Schuck.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 2Dec70; LP38779.

  BROTHER JOHN. Columbia Pictures. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An E-R
    production.

    Credits: Producer, Joel Glickman; director, James Goldstone; writer,
      Ernest Kinoy; music, Quincy Jones; director of photography, Gerald
      Perry Finnerman; film editor, Edward A. Biery.

    Cast: Sidney Poitier, Will Geer, Bradford Dillman, Beverly Todd,
      Ramon Bieri.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Mar71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP38784.

  THE BROTHERHOOD OF SATAN. First LQJ Corp. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An L Q JAF presentation.
    Techniscope. From an original story by Sean MacGregor.

    Credits: Producers, L. Q. Jones & Alvy Moore; director, Bernard
      McEveety; written by William Welch; music, Jaime Mendoza-Nava;
      photographer, John Arthur Morrill; film editor, Marvin Walowitz.

    Cast: Strother Martin, L. Q. Jones, Charles Bateman, Ahna Capri,
      Charles Robinson.

    © First LQJ Corp. & 4 Star Excelsior Releasing Corp. (in notice:
      First LQJ Corp. & 4 Star Excelsior Releasing Co.); 1Apr71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP39045.

  BUGGED IN A RUG. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Beary family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford &
      Paul Frees.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Nov68; LP38540.

  BUGLER. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  BUILDING AN ELECTRICITY MEASURER (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 24 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © EdMediaTec, Inc.; 3Mar71; JP13075.

  A BULLET FOR PRETTY BOY. American International Pictures. 88 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. © American International Pictures, Inc.; 15Jul70;
    LP38507.

  BULLS OF PAMPLONA. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Norman E. Gluck; director, Arthur Cohen; writer, William E.
      O'Connell; narrator, Phil Tonkin; editor, Ed Bartsch.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Mar67; LP38895.

  BUNCO--$9,000. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  BURGLARY. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  BURN! Produzioni Europee Associate [Italy] Released in the U.S. by
    United Artists Corp. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on an
    original story by Gillo Pontecorvo, Franco Solinas & Giorgio
    Arlorio.

    Credits: Producer, Alberto Grimaldi; director, Gillo Pontecorvo;
      screenplay by Franco Solinas, Giorgio Arlorio; music, Ennio
      Morricone; director of photography, Marcello Gatti; editor, Mario
      Morra.

    Cast: Marlon Brando, Evaristo Marquez, Renato Salvatori, Norman
      Hill, Tom Lyons.

    © Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.; 19Dec69 (in notice: 1968);
      LF76.

  BUS FOR RAMABAD. See

    MAYA.

  BUSINESS FILING (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made by HMK
    Productions. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Alphabetizing rules. 43 fr.--Alphabetic correspondence. 41
      fr.--Other filing systems. 42 fr.--Charge and transfer methods. 39
      fr.--Types of equipment. 40 fr.--Data processing and microfilming.
      43 fr.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Wanda Blockhus.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 31Dec70;
      JP12895.

  BUSINESS LAW (Filmstrip) United Transparencies. 69 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Teaching transparencies for overhead projection) © United
    Transparencies, Inc.; 20Nov69; A227020.

  BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID. Campanile Productions. Released by
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 12 reels, sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision.

    Credits: Executive producer, Paul Monash; producer, John Foreman;
      director, George Roy Hill; writer, William Goldman; music, Burt
      Bacharach; director of photography, Conrad Hall; special still
      photography, Lawrence Schiller; film editors, John C. Howard,
      Richard C. Meyer.

    Cast: Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Katharine Ross, Strother Martin,
      Henry Jones.

    © Campanile Productions, Inc. & Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.;
      23Sep69; LP38925.

  BUTT SKINNING AND DEFATTING, TOWNSEND NO. 422. Iowa State University.
    Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 2 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    7Oct70; MP21155.

  THE BUTTERCUP CHAIN. Columbia Pictures. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. From the novel by Janice Elliot.

    Credits: Producers, John Whitney, Philip Waddilove; director, Robert
      Ellis Miller; screenplay by Peter Draper; music composed by
      Richard Rodney Bennett; conducted by Marcus Dods; director of
      photography, Douglas Slocombe; editor, Thelma Connell.

    Cast: Hywel Bennett, Leigh Taylor-Young, Jane Asher, Sven-Bertil
      Taube, Clive Revill.

    © Columbia British Productions, Ltd.; 1Mar71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP38785.

  BUY RIGHT (Filmstrip) S. S. Kresge Co. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl.
    author: Teletape Detroit Corp. © S. S. Kresge Co.; 26Apr71; JU12841.


                                   C

  CBS REPORTS. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Generations apart, pt. 1: A question of values. Telecast: May 20,
      1969. Credits: Producers, Ernest Leiser & Bernard Birnbaum;
      reporter, John Laurence. © 19May69; MP21501.

    Generations apart, pt. 2: A profile of dissent. Telecast: May 27,
      1969. Credits: Producers, Ernest Leiser & Bernard Birnbaum;
      reporter, John Laurence. © 26May69; MP21502.

    Generations apart, pt. 3: The youth international. Telecast: June 3;
      1969. Credits: Producer, Philip Scheffler; reporter, Walter
      Cronkite. © 2Jun69; MP21503.

  CABBAGES TO KINGS AND VARIOUS THINGS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  THE CABLE CAR STORY. Cantrell Illustrations. 5 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Producer, words & music, L. Ann Cantrell.

    © Cantrell Illustrations, solely owned by L. Ann Cantrell; 1Apr70;
      MP21269.

  CADDISFLIES. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21477.

  CAGE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  CALIBRATING A THERMOMETER (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 26 fr., color, 35
    mm. © EdMediaTec, Inc.; 3Mar71; JP13073.

  CAMERA AND SHOT. Gerald F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany. Art & Nature,
    distributor. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Film thru film) © Gerald
    F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany; 21Sep70; MP21161.

  CAN HEIRONYMUS MERKIN EVER FORGET MERCY HUMPPE AND FIND TRUE
    HAPPINESS? Taralex Corp. Released by Regional Film Distributors. 104
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal
    Pictures, Ltd.

    Credits: Producer, director & music, Anthony Newley; writers, Herman
      Raucher, Anthony Newley; musical director, Philip Martell; musical
      arrangements by Peter Knight, Harry Robinson, David Lindup;
      director of photography, Otto Heller; editor, Bernard Gribble.

    Cast: Anthony Newley, Joan Collins, Milton Berle, George Jessel,
      Connie Kreski.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 7Jun69; LP38884.

  CANALETTO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Mar67; JP12928.

  CANCER CHEMOTHERAPY (SOLID TUMORS) American Cancer Society. Made by
    Aegis Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer
    Society, Inc.; 8Oct69; LP39038.

  CANCER OF THE URINARY SYSTEM. American Cancer Society. Made by
    Sturgis-Grant Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American
    Cancer Society, Inc.; 21Aug70; LP38876.

  CAPER OF THE GOLDEN ROE. See

    MAYA.

  CARAVAGGIO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides: 1Dec67; JP13036.

  CARBON DUPLICATION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 38 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Planned & written by Anne E. Schatz.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13081.

  THE CARD PUNCH. John Wiley & Sons. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Punched
    card data processing series)

    Credits: Producer, Edward H. Rategan.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 5Apr71; MP21580.

  CARDBOARD BOXES. See

    HOT DOG. Series no. 10.

  THE CARE AND HEEDING OF A V.I.P. (Filmstrip) Bank of America National
    Trust & Savings Assn., Marketing Dept., in cooperation with
    Personnel Administration, Training & Development. 91 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Created by Lizardi & Witte.

    © Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn.; 30Sep70; JP12920.

  CARE OF CHILDREN'S TEETH. Teaching Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (The Prevention and control of dental disease) © Teaching Films,
    Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 8Mar71; MU8296.

  CARE OF PROPERTY. See

    THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

  CAREERS: COMMUNICATIONS. Sunburst Films. Released by Doubleday
    Multimedia. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a
    division of Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21446.

  CAREERS: EDUCATION. Sunburst Films. Released by Doubleday Multimedia.
    12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of
    Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 18Nov70; MP21447.

  CAREERS: TECHNICIANS. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by Sunburst Films. 12
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of
    Doubleday & Co., Inc. (in notice: Doubleday Multimedia); 10Nov70;
    MP21166.

  CARL ROGERS CONDUCTS AN ENCOUNTER GROUP. American Personnel & Guidance
    Assn. 65 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The distinguished contributors to
    counseling series)

    Credits: Narrator, Carl R. Rogers.

    © American Personnel & Guidance Assn.; 1Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
      MP21380.

  CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP. American Personnel & Guidance
    Assn. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The distinguished contributors to
    counseling series) © American Personnel & Guidance Assn.; 1Oct70;
    MP21262.

  CARLO CRIVELLI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12941.

  CARMILLA. See

    THE VAMPIRE LOVERS.

  CARPENTERS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  CARPET, A PRACTICAL BUILDING MATERIAL (Filmstrip) E. I. du Pont de
    Nemours & Co. 83 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Teletape Detroit
    Corp.

  © E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., Inc.; 1Jun71; JU12880.

  CARS--A CUT ABOVE! (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by Jam
    Handy Organization. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12793.

  CASE. See

    [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE CASE OF THE RELUCTANT TRADER (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
    Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 54 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Mar71; JP13064.

  CASE STUDIES. See

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  CASE STUDY 2.1. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21519.

  CASE STUDY 2.2. American Management Assn. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21520.

  CASE STUDY 3.1. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21521.

  CASE STUDY 3.2. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21522.

  CASE STUDY 4.1. American Management Assn. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21523.

  CASE STUDY 4.2. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color. 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21524.

  CASE STUDY 5.1. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21525.

  CASE STUDY 5.2. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21526.

  CASE STUDY 7.1. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21527.

  CASE STUDY 7.2. American Management Assn. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Principles of professional salesmanship) © American Management
    Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21528.

  CASEY AT THE BAT. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  CASH OFFICE RECORDS CLERK. See

    THE OFFICE CASHIER.

  CASTRATING AND TAIL CLIPPING. AS-9. Pace Productions. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 30Dec70;
    MP21168.

  CATALASE. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Enzyme
    action) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21403.

  CATALINA BROUGHAM AND BONNEVILLE: THE NEW MARKET-MAKERS (Filmstrip)
    Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 26 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 18Feb71; JU12810.

  CATCH THE JOY. MacGillivray-Freeman Films. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 13 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with
    Pyramid Film Producers. © MacGillivray-Freeman Films; 24Sep70;
    LP38974.

  CATCHING THE LONG PASS. See

    THERE'S A CATCH TO IT.

  CATCHING THE SHORT PASS. See

    THERE'S A CATCH TO IT.

  THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND SCOUTING (Filmstrip) Catholic Committee on
    Scouting. 132 fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 31Dec70;
    JP12996.

  CATTLEMEN. See

    COLORADO: THE CATTLEMEN.

  CAVE. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 143.

  CAVE ECOLOGY. Centron Educational Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21468.

  CELIA. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  CELLULAR RESPIRATION: ASPECTS OF ENERGY RELEASE. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  CEMENTING AND LAMINATING. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. (Acrylics, no. 708) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21302.

  CENTRAL PARK. Comco Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Industries. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Ann Shanks; theme music composer, Bill Beray;
      musical score composer, Leonard Popkin; film editor, Bernard
      Stone.

    © Comco Productions, Inc.; 1Jul70 (in notice: 1969); MP21135.

  THE CENTURIES OF DECLINE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 52 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 15Sep70; A210759.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 1 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 82
    fr.--Section B. 94 fr.--Section C. 106 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12770-12772.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 2 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 84
    fr.--Section B. 83 fr.--Section C. 86 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12773-12775.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 3 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 99
    fr.--Section B. 75 fr.--Section C. 83 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12776-12778.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 4 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 87
    fr.--Section B. 88 fr.--Section C. 99 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12779-12781.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 5. Section C
    (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 88 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sanderson
    Films, Inc.; 30Sep70; JP12782.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 6 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 92
    fr.--Section B. 69 fr.--Section C. 70 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12783-12785.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 7 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 95
    fr.--Section B. 72 fr.--Section C. 71 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12786-12788.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 8 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 96
    fr.--Section B. 97 fr.--Section C. 87 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12789-12791.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 9 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 61
    fr.--Section B. 91 fr.--Section C. 54 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12792-12794.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 10 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 88
    fr.--Section B. 93 fr.--Section C. 84 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12795-12797.

  CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 11 (Filmstrip)
    Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A. 65
    fr.--Section B. 87 fr.--Section C. 65 fr. © Sanderson Films, Inc.;
    30Sep70; JP12798-12800.

  CHAINS OF COMMAND. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  CHAMA TO CUMBRES PASS. See

    DOUBLING THE STEEP SIDE.

  CHANCE TO LIVE. See

    LASSIE.

  CHANGES. Hall Bartlett, Inc. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 98
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Producer & director, Hall Bartlett; writers, Bill E. Kelly
      & Hall Bartlett; art director, Jack Poplin; songs, Tim Buckley;
      photography, Richard Moore.

    Cast: Kent Lane, Manuela Thiess, Michele Carey, Marcia Strassman,
      Jack Albertson.

    © Hall Bartlett & Hall Bartlett, Inc.; 11Feb69 (in notice: 1968);
      LP38512.

  CHANGING FACE OF EASTERN EUROPE. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 12, issue 2.

  CHANGING PRODUCT SIZE ON THE FRANK-A-MATIC. Iowa State University.
    Made by Film Production Unit & Dept, of Animal Science. 4 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    9Oct70; MP21149.

  CHARGE AND TRANSFER METHODS. See

    BUSINESS FILING.

  CHARGE IT, PLEASE (Filmstrip) S. S. Kresge Co. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, div. of T.T.P. Corp. 35 fr., color, 35 mm. © S. S.
    Kresge Co.; 8Feb71; JU12783.

  CHARGERS WIN AGAIN. See

    THE COMPARE CHART.

  CHARLES AND HIS FRIENDS. See

    OUR FAMILY IS BLACK.

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Chas. Pfizer & Co. Approx.
    30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc. a.k.a.
    Pfizer, Inc. (in notice: Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc.)

  Ben-Gay tube. © 17Dec69; MP21035.

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Hai Karate Pfizer. Approx.
    30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Hai Karate Pfizer, Inc., a.k.a.
    Pfizer, Inc.

    Attorney/hospital. Rev. © 16Nov70; MP21263.

    Elevator/construction. Rev. © 16Nov70; MP21265.

    Golf/frogman. © 21Dec70; MP21185.

    Jockey/mileage test. © 26Nov70; MP21190.

    Orchestra/bank robber. Rev. © 16Nov70; MP21264.

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Pfizer, Inc. Approx. 30
    sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.

    Couch. © 8Nov70; MP21181.

    Kon-ichikawa. © 27Nov70; MP21184.

    Secret. © 20Oct70; MP21182.

    Two babies. © 15Jun70; MP21180.

    Umbrella. © 2Nov70; MP21183.

  CHARLIE CHANSTEIN MEETS THE WILD BUNCH: JOHN & MARY & BOB & CAROL &
    TED & ALICE. John G. Baron. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Charlie
    Chanstein) © John G. Baron; 15Mar71; LP38922.

  CHARLIE NOON. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  CHARLIE'S CAMPOUT. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Beary family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators: Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford &
      Paul Frees.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jun69; LP38550.

  CHASE. See

    LASSIE.

  CHECKPOINT. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  CHEMICAL PROPERTIES OF MATTER. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  CHEMICAL REGULATION AND HORMONES. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  CHEVROLET SALESMEN'S REPORT. Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by Jam
    Handy Organization. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; MU8306.

  CHEVROLET TRUCK COMPARISON SEGMENTS. Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Chevrolet
    Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; MU8305.

  CHEVROLET'S CHALLENGE OF CHAMPIONS, GRAND TOUR HOLIDAY! (Filmstrip)
    Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 47 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.;
    8Feb71; JU12797.

  CHICAGO PRE-DELIVERY CENTER STORY. See

    P-DQ.

  CHICAGO: TRANSPORTATION COMMUNITY. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  CHILD STEALER. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 134.

  CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES. Series 1 (Filmstrip) Milliken Pub. Co. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: FS11-FS16: Henny Penny. 39 fr.--The three little pigs. 39
      fr.--The ugly duckling. 43 fr.--Peter Rabbit. 40 fr.--Little Red
      Riding Hood. 31 fr.--The little red hen. 40 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Cameron McKay; director, Austin Green.

    © Milliken Pub. Co.; 1Sep70; JP13125-13130.

  CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES. Series 2 (Filmstrip) Milliken Pub. Co. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: FS21-FS26: Alice in Wonderland. 44 fr.--Jack and the
      beanstalk. 40 fr.--Hansel and Gretel. 43 fr.--Aladdin and the
      magic lamp. 46 fr.--Pinocchio. 40 fr.--Peter Pan. 43 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Cameron McKay; director, Austin Green.

    © Milliken Pub. Co.; 1Sep70; JP13131-13136.

  CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES. Series 3 (Filmstrip) Milliken Pub. Co. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: FS31-FS36: Paul Bunyan. 42 fr.--Johnny Appleseed. 42
      fr.--Casey at the bat. 44 fr.--John Henry. 42 fr.--Pecos Bill. 46
      fr.--The legend of Sleepy Hollow. 47 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Cameron McKay; director, Austin Green.

    © Milliken Pub. Co.; 1Sep70; JP13143-13148.

  CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES. Series 4 (Filmstrip) Milliken Pub. Co. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: FS41--FS46: The nightingale. 45 fr.--Drakestail. 50
      fr.--The half-chick. 46 fr.--The one who wasn't afraid. 46
      fr.--The enchanted mule. 46 fr.--Why monkeys live in trees. 40 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Cameron McKay.

    © Milliken Pub. Co.; 2Nov70; JP13137-13142.

  CHILDREN'S SONGS. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 24 fr.; pt. 2, 23 fr.), color, 35 mm. With filmstrip guide,
    17 p. Appl. authors: Lucille Wood & Beth Clure. NM: compilation &
    illus. © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 27Jan71; A212916.

  CHILLER DILLERS. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Daws Butler &
      Bob Johnson.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Dec67; LP38539.

  CHILLY AND THE LOONEY GOONEY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color,
    35 mm. (A Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Ju169; LP38552.

  CHILLY AND THE WOODCHOPPER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35
    mm. (A Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Sid Marcus; animators, Al
      Coe, Les Kline; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Mar67; LP38898.

  CHIP, CHIP, CHIP. See

    THE STATUE.

  CHOOSING AND NARROWING A TOPIC. See

    RESEARCH SKILLS: CHOOSING AND NARROWING A TOPIC.

  CHORDATA (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences. Made by Gerrit C. Zwart &
    Chester F. Protheroe. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Fundamentals of
    biology, roll B-105) Rev. & edited by Ellsworth R. Johnson; drawings
    & lettering by Helen Smith Zwart. © Gerrit C. Zwart; 2Jan70;
    A210028.

  LES CHOSES DE LA VIE (The things of life) Lira Films [Paris]
    Distributed by Comptoir Francais du Film, Sirius Films & Pathe
    Consortium Cinema. Released in the U.S. by Columbia Pictures. 88
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. English subtitles. From the novel by Paul
    Guimard. Produced in association with Sonocam.

    Credits: Producers, Roland Girard, Jean Bolvary; director, Claude
      Sautet; scenario by Paul Guimard, Jean-Loup Dabadie & Claude
      Sautet; music composer, Philippe Sarde; orchestration, Jean-Michel
      Defaye; photography, Jean Boffety; editor, Jacqueline Thiedat.

    Cast: Michel Piccoli, Romy Schneider.

    © Lira Films; 10May70; LF72.

  CHRISTMAS CAROL. See

    SCROOGE.

  CHUCKA. See

    LASSIE.

  CHUKA. See

    LASSIE.

  CIGARETTE BUTT. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  CIRCLES OF GROWTH. International Minerals & Chemical Corp. Made by
    Walter Rothschild Enterprises. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    International Minerals & Chemical Corp.; 17Sep70; MP21171.

  CIRCUS ANIMALS. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  CIRCUS PEOPLE. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  CISSY'S APARTMENT. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE CITY: A PORTRAIT IN CONTRASTS (Filmstrip) Scholastic Magazines. 38
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Art & man) Published under the direction of the
    National Gallery of Art. © Scholastic Magazines, Inc.; 1Apr71;
    JP13070.

  CITY BOY OF THE IVORY COAST. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. Made by Visual Education Centre. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (The African scene) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    11Sep70; MP21144.

  CIVIL ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  CIVILIZED MEN. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  CLASSIC ERA. See

    PATHWAYS TO MUSIC.

  CLAUDE LORRAIN (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12948.

  CLEAN UP YOUR LANGUAGE. Edutronics Systems International & ATD. 9
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © ATD, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21449.

  CLIFF. See

    LASSIE.

  THE CLIMB TO RUTLAND, NOVEMBER 1970. Sunday River Productions. 9 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River
    Productions; 20Jan71; MP21230.

  CLOSED MOLD CASTING. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. (Polyester resins, no. 713) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21298.

  CLOTHING: CLOTHES ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
    Films. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. (Learning to learn series)

    Credits: Produced in collaboration with Ted Lowry.

    Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69 (in notice: 1968); JP12492.

  CLUM'S CONSTABULARY. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  THE COCKEYED COWBOYS OF CALICO COUNTY. Universal City Studios. 99
    min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & writer, Ranald MacDougall; director, Tony
      Leader; music, Lyn Murray; photography, Richard L. Rawlings; film
      editor, Richard G. Wray.

    Cast: Dan Blocker, Nanette Fabray, Jim Backus, Wally Cox, Noah
      Beery.

    © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38970.

  COLD TURKEY. Tandem-DFI Co. Released by United Artists Corp. 102 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Norman Lear; screenplay, Norman Lear;
      screen story, Norman Lear & William Price Fox, Jr.; music, Randy
      Newman; director of photography, Charles F. Wheeler; film editor,
      John C. Horger.

    Cast: Dick Van Dyke, Pippa Scott, Tom Poston, Edward Everett Horton,
      Bob & Ray.

    © Tandem-DFI Co.; 30Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP38933.

  THE COLOR OF JUSTICE. New York Times Co. & Arno Press. 26 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © New York Times Co.; 4Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
    LP38762.

  COLORADO: PREHISTORIC MAN. State Historical Society of Colorado. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. A Barbre production. © State Historical
    Society of Colorado; 12Dec67; MP21625.

  COLORADO: THE CATTLEMEN. State Historical Society of Colorado. 1 reel,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A Barbre production. © State Historical Society
    of Colorado; 10Dec68; MP21623.

  COLORADO: THE INDIANS. State Historical Society of Colorado. 1 reel,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A Barbre production. © State Historical Society
    of Colorado; 17Nov69; MP21624.

  COLORED CHALK. Davidson Films. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Arts and
    crafts for children) © Davidson Films; 1Oct70; MP21371.

  COLOSSUS: THE FORBIN PROJECT. Universal Pictures. 100 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on a novel Colossus, by D. F. Jones.

    Credits: Producer, Stanley Chase; director, Joseph Sargent; music,
      Michel Colombier; screenplay, James Bridge; director of
      photography, Gene Polito; film editor, Folmar Blangsted.

    Cast: Eric Braeden, Susan Clark, Gordon Pinsent, William Schallert,
      Leonid Rostoff.

    © Universal Pictures; 8Apr70 (in notice: 1969); LP39190.

  COMING THROUGH IN STATION WAGONS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 61 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 2Dec70;
    JP12892.

  COMMISSIONER. See

    MADIGAN.

  THE COMMUTATIVE PRINCIPLES. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1
    reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school
    mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.; 7Sep70; MP21058.

  COMMUTATIVE PROPERTY OF ADDITION. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  COMPANY OF KILLERS. Universal Pictures. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, E. Jack Neuman & Jerry Thorpe; director, Jerry
      Thorpe; writer, E. Jack Neuman; music, Richard Hazard;
      photographer, Jack Marta; film editor, John Elias.

    Cast: Van Johnson, Ray Milland, Brian Kelly, Fritz Weaver, Clu
      Gulager.

    © Universal Pictures; 29Jul70; LP39191.

  THE COMPARE CHART; or, Chargers win again; or, Did you expect less?
    (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 65 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 11Mar71; JP13019.

  COMPARING RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21075.

  A COMPARISON: JAPAN AND NORTH AMERICA (Filmstrip) Association of
    American Geographers. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. © Association of
    American Geographers; 5Oct70; JP12961.

  COMPARISON SHOPPING (Polara Custom, Chevrolet Impala, Ford Galaxie
    500) (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 55 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Jan71; JP12882.

  COMPUTERS AND IMAGINATION. Edutronics Systems International. 5 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Tools, lesson 221) Loop film. © Edutronics
    Systems International, Inc.; 6Dec69; MP21345.

  CONCEPTS OF MANAGEMENT. American Management Assn. 35 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (How to improve individual manager performance) © American
    Management Assn., Inc.; 6Aug69; MP21504.

  CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE: PATHOPHYSIOLOGY AND TREATMENT. American
    College of Cardiology & E. R. Squibb & Sons. Made by Sturgis-Grant
    Productions. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © E. R. Squibb & Sons,
    Inc.; 2Apr71; MP21394.

  CONQUEST OF A CONTINENT. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 12, issue 8.

  CONSERVATION. See

    PIAGET'S DEVELOPMENTAL THEORY: CONSERVATION.

  CONSTRUCTION SITE. See

    URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.

  THE CONTRACT. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  CONTROLLING ENGINE TEMPERATURE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 82 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 11Dec70; JP12894.

  COOKING. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  COOKING A STEW. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21234.

  COOL IT, CHARLIE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Beary family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford &
      Paul Frees.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Oct69; LP38554.

  COOL LIGHT FROM ELECTRICITY. See

    ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

  COREYVILLE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  COSIMO TURA (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12946.

  THE COST OF SCOUTING (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 90 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 31Dec70; JP12847.

  COUCH. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  COUNT TO TEN. Roundtable Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 8Mar71; LP39017.

  COUNTRIES AND RESOURCES. See

    SEEING EASTERN EUROPE.

  COUNTY FAIR, U.S.A. Cuyahoga County Agricultural Society. 27 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Cuyahoga County Agricultural Society (in
    notice: Cuyahoga Agricultural Society); 3May71; MP21498.

  COURTROOM. See

    ADAM-12. Log. no. 123.

  COW CLIPPING. AS-1. Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 30Dec70; MP21169.

  THE COW WHO FELL IN THE CANAL. Weston Woods Studios. 9 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. From the book by Phyllis Krasilovsky.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel; director, Cynthia Freitag;
      writer, Phyllis Krasilovsky; narrator, Owen Jordan; illustrator,
      Peter Spier; original music, Howard Rovics.

    © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 20Nov70; LP38558.

  CRABBY PARK. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  CRASH. See

    LAND OF THE GIANTS.

  CRASH AVOIDANCE. Aetna Life & Casualty. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Drivavision. © Aetna Life & Casualty; 30Apr71; MP21610.

  CRAYONS. Davidson Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Arts and crafts
    for children) © Davidson Films; 1Oct70; MP21370.

  CREATING A SALABLE LISTING. See

    HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.

  CREATION-SCIENCE SERIES. See

    FOSSILS, STRATA AND EVOLUTION.

  CREDIT COUNSELOR. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  CREEK. See

    MAN AND HIS NATURAL ENVIRONMENT: THE CREEK.

  CRICKET (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 69 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: 1971 Cricket features. © Chrysler Corp.;
    21Dec70; JP12886.

  CRISIS IN THE MINISTRY. Cathedral Films. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Cathedral Films, Inc.; 25Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21208.

  CROSSROADS. Dun & Bradstreet. Made by Audio Productions. 13 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Economics and the individual) © Dun & Bradstreet,
    Inc.; 4Feb71; MP21195.

  THE CRUSADES, 1095-1272. See

    WORLD HISTORY: THREE GREAT ERAS OF MANKIND.

  CRY OF THE BANSHEE. American International Productions. 87 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © American International Productions; 29Jul70;
    LP38510.

  CUB CAR DERBY. Ranger Assn. of New York. 31 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Appl. author: Horace L. Johns, Jr. © Ranger Assn. & Horace L.
    Johns, Jr.; 18Feb71; MU8285.

  THE CUB SCOUT ROUNDTABLE (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 82 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 23Jun70; JP12979.

  CUB SCOUT UNIFORM MAKES YOUR PACK GO (Filmstrip) Audiovisual Service,
    Boy Scouts of America. 70 fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of
    America; 31Dec70; JP12997.

  CULTURAL CHANGE. See

    GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE.

  CURE THE CAUSE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 79
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 7Jun71; JP13224.

  CUSTOMER COMMUNICATION. American Management Assn. 21 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: By Ed Winner.

    © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21512.

  CUSTOMER IDENTIFICATION IN OPENING NEW ACCOUNTS (Filmstrip) Training
    Dept., Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn. 55 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn.; 18Aug70;
    JP12954.

  CUSTOMER RELATIONS. American Management Assn. 19 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: By Del Prescher.

    © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21518.

  CUT BACK WOODS BORDER. Ranger Assn. of New York. 55 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Horace L. Johns, Jr. © Ranger Assn. &
    Horace L. Johns, Jr.; 18Feb71; MU8284.

  CUTTING. See

    METALWORKING.

  CUTTING AND FINISHING SERIES. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. (Acrylics, no. 706) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21300.

  CYCLES SOUTH. Donald K. Marshall. 96 min., b&w. © Donald K. Marshall;
    18Jan71; LU3603.


                                   D

  D.H.Q. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  DNA AND CELL REPRODUCTION. See

    DNA COMPOSITION.

    EXTRACTING DNA.

    FERTILIZATION.

    FRUIT FLY CHROMATOGRAPHY.

    GIANT CHROMOSOMES OF DROSOPHILA.

  DNA: BLUEPRINT OF LIFE. John Wiley & Sons. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director & writer, Mallory Pearce; narrator, Dennis King,
      Jr.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 1Apr68; MP21575.

  DNA COMPOSITION. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (DNA
    and cell reproduction) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21419.

  DAILY CLEANING OF THE ISOLATION UNIT. Comprenetics. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. (Housekeeping series) Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.;
    13Oct70; MP21462.

  DAILY LIFE IN THE ANCIENT WORLD. See

    DAILY LIFE IN THE TIGRIS-EUPHRATES VALLEY.

  DAILY LIFE IN THE TIGRIS-EUPHRATES VALLEY. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip)
    Imperial Film Co. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 45 fr.--pt. 2, 46 fr.),
    color, 35 mm. (Daily life in the ancient world)

    Credits: Author-illustrator, Art Maynor.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Mar71; JP12994-12995.

  DAIRY PRODUCTS. See

    FOODS WE EAT.

  DAKTARI. Ivan Tors Films. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Approx. 60
    min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. & Ivan Tors Films, Inc.

    Goodby, Wameru. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Malvin Wald. © 26Sep67; LP38976.

  DANCES OF INDIA. Indance Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Wayne W. Brown.

    Appl. author: Roy Bhaskar.

    © Indance Films; 14May68; MP21164.

  DANNY. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  DARKNESS, DARKNESS. Nolan, Wilton & Wootten. Made by Veriation Films.
    37 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with
    Haight-Ashbury Free Clinic.

    Credits: Directors, Phil De Guere, John Norris; music, The
      Youngbloods.

    © Nolan, Wilton & Wootten, Inc.; 9Oct70; LP38828.

  DATA PROCESSING AND MICROFILMING. See

    BUSINESS FILING.

  THE DAWN OF HISTORY AND THE BEGINNINGS OF ISRAEL. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  A DAY IN THE SUN. Fred Meader. 78 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    states prev. reg. as The wilderness, a way of life, 28Jul69, MU8062.
    NM: additions. © Frederick P. Meader & Elaine A. Meader; 5Apr71;
    MU8332.

  DAY OF THE WOLF. See

    LASSIE.

  DEADLY GAME. See

    LASSIE.

  THE DEADLY QUEST AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  THE DEAN MARTIN SHOW. Claude Productions. Approx. 58 min. each, sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. Produced in association with Greg Garrison Productions.
    © Claude Productions, Inc.

    1969-70, no.

    121. © 18Sep69; MP21119.

    122. © 25Sep69; MP21120.

    123. © 2Oct69; MP21121.

    124. © 9Oct69; MP21122.

    125. © 16Oct69; MP21123.

    126. © 23Oct69; MP21124.

    127. © 30Oct69; MP21125.

    128. Guests: Bing Crosby, Eva Gabor, Dom de Luise, Jack Gilford. ©
      6Nov69; MP21382.

    129. © 13Nov69; MP21126.

    130. © 20Nov69; MP21127.

    131. © 27Nov69; MP21128.

    132. © 4Dec69; MP21130.

    133. © 11Dec69; MP21129.

    134. © 18Dec69; MP21131.

    136. © 8Jan70; MP21109.

    137. © 15Jan70; MP21110.

    138. © 22Jan70; MP21111.

    139. © 29Jan70; MP21112.

    140. © 5Feb70; MP21113.

    141. © 12Feb70; MP21114.

    142. Guests: The Clingers, Lee J. Cobb, Buddy Ebsen, Charles Nelson
      Reilly, Jackie Vernon. © 19Feb70; MP21383.

    143. © 26Feb70; MP21115.

    144. © 5Mar70; MP21116.

    145. Guests: Shirley Booth, Vikki Carr, Paul Lynde. © 12Mar70;
      MP21387.

    146. Guests: Elke Sommer, Frank Sinatra, Jr. © 19Mar70; MP21386.

    147. Guests: Albert Brooks, Dom de Luise. © 26Mar70; MP21385.

    148. © 2Apr70; MP21117.

    149. Guests: Phil Harris, Arte Johnson, Nancy Kwan, Lou Rawls. ©
      9Apr70; MP21384.

    150. © 16Apr70; MP21118.

  DEATH OF A GUNFIGHTER. Universal Pictures. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    From the novel of the same title by Lewis B. Patten.

    Credits: Producer, Richard E. Lyons; director, Dan Farrow; music
      supervision, Stanley Wilson; director of photography, Andrew
      Jackson; film editor, Robert F. Shugrue.

    Cast: Richard Widmark, Lena Horne, Carroll O'Connor, David Opatoshu,
      Kent Smith.

    © Universal Pictures; 14Jun70 (in notice: 1969); LP38888.

  DEATH VALLEY DAYS. United States Borax & Chemical Corp. Made by
    Madison Productions. 1 reel each, sd., color, 16 mm. © United States
    Borax & Chemical Corp.

    Amos and the black bull. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler;
      director, Jack B. Hively; writers, Art Reeves & Barbara Randall.
      Cast: Anthony Costello, Heidi Vauhn, Richard Bull, Steve Cory,
      Valetin DeVargas. © 28Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38948.

    The biggest little post office in the world. Credits: Producer,
      Robert Stabler; director, Jean Yarbrough. Cast: Dale Robertson,
      Walter Brooks, Maria Desti, Patrick O'Moore, William Fawcett. ©
      7Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38949.

    Biscuits and Billy, the kid. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler;
      director, Jean Yarbrough. Cast: Ben Cooper, Emily Banks, Erin
      Moran, Ken Mayer, Valentin DeVargas. © 10Oct69; LP38947.

    Clum's constabulary. From a story by Colin Mackenzie & S. H.
      Barnett. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Lamar
      Caselli; writer, Willard Davis, Jr. Cast: Sam Melville, Tris
      Coffin, William Gwinn, Jean Seay, John Considine. © 9Apr70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38961.

    The contract. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Jack B.
      Hively; writer, William P. Canning. Cast: William Smith, Richard
      Bull, Arlene McQuade, Don Megowan, Joe Perry. © 18Apr70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38957.

    The dragon of Gold Hill. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler;
      director, Jean Yarbrough; writer, Ann Udell. Cast: Momo Yashina,
      Soon-taik Oh, Bill Smith, Mark Jenkins, Frontis Chandler. ©
      24Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38963.

    The duke of Tombstone. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director,
      Jack Hively; writers, Willard Davis & Sloan Nibley. Cast: Robert
      Colbert, Victoria Shaw, Bill Gwinn, Tris Coffin, Tom Peters. ©
      21Apr70 (in notice: 1969); LP38962.

    Early candle lighten. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director,
      Jean Yarbrough; writer, Mary Terri Taylor. Cast: John McLiam,
      George Paulsin, Ted Gehring, Raymond Guth. © 24Apr70 (in notice:
      1969); LP38951.

    A gift from Father Tapis. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler;
      director, Jean Yarbrough. Cast: Ned Romero, David McLean, Joaquin
      Martinez, Ruben Moreno. © 7Apr70 (in notice: 1969); LP38950.

    The great pinto bean gold hunt. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler;
      director, Jack B. Hively. Cast: Don Haggerty, Eddie Firestone,
      Paul Sorensen, Clyde Howdy, Michael Keep. © 16Nov69; LP38944.

    The king of Uvalde Road. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director
      & writer, Stephen Lord. Cast: Dale Robertson, Robert Yuro, Brenda
      Benet, Pepe Callahan. © 1Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38955.

    The lady doctor. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director,
      Stephen Lord. Cast: Maura McGiveney, John Carter, Frank de Kova,
      Michael Keep. © 27Oct69; LP38940.

    The man who planted gold in California. Credits: Producer, Robert
      Stabler; director, Jean Yarbrough; writer, Robert Hardy Andrews.
      Cast: Richard Angarola, George Neise, Anna-Lisa, Gregg Barton. ©
      16Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38964.

    The mezcla man. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Jack B.
      Hively; writer, Herb Purdom. Cast: Jess Pearson, Royal Dano, Karen
      Carlson, Roy Engel, Marshall Reed. © 2Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP38958.

    Old Stape. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Jack B.
      Hively. Cast: Don Haggerty, Eddie Firestone, Peggy Rea, John
      Pickard, Lew Brown. © 4Oct69; LP38941.

    Pioneer pluck. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Jean
      Yarbrough; writer, Willard Davis, Jr. Cast: Irene Tedrow, Karen
      Carlson, Robert Zukert, Roger Ewing. © 3Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP38952.

    A saint of travellers. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director,
      Jack B. Hively; writer, Virginia Rooks. Cast: David McLean, Scott
      Graham, Jan Wilson, Ned Romero, Robert Ellenstein. © 14Feb70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38959.

    A simple question of justice. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler;
      director, Jean Yarbrough; writer, Willard Davis, Jr. Cast: Lane
      Bradford, Michael Margotta, Royal Dano, Murray McLeod, Veronica
      Cartwright. © 12Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38954.

    The solid gold pie. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director,
      Jack B. Hively; writer, Herb Purdom. Cast: John McLiam, June
      Dayton, Raymond Guth, Ted Gehring, George Neise. © 1Apr70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38956.

    Son of thunder. From a story by Harold Schindler. Credits: Producer,
      Robert Stabler; director & writer, Stephen Lord. Cast: Gregg
      Palmer, Bing Russell, Ivalou Redd, Paul Sorensen, Clyde Howdy. ©
      11Oct69; LP38946.

    Talk to me, Charley. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director,
      Jack B. Hively; writer, Herb Purdom. Cast: Hal Baylor, Sean
      McClory, Susan Brown, Lane Bradford, Phil Chambers. © 15Feb70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38960.

    The taming of Trudy Bell. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler;
      director, Jack B. Hively. Cast: Valerie DeCamp, Buck Taylor, Lew
      Brown, Bob Anderson, John Fox. © 2Oct69; LP38943.

    The tenderfoot. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Jean
      Yarbrough. Cast: Kevin Burchett, Mitch Vogel, Erin Moran, Chubby
      Johnson, Ken Mayer. © 9Oct69; LP38942.

    Tracy's triumph. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Jean
      Yarbrough. Cast: Dale Robertson, Lisa Gaye, Richard Simmons, Roy
      Engel, Marshal Reed. © 4Oct69; LP38939.

    The visitor. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director, Jack B.
      Hively. Cast: Ivalou Redd, Eddie Little Sky, Kevin Burchett, Mark
      Tapscott, Jana Redd. © 17Nov69; LP38945.

    The wizard of Aberdeen. Credits: Producer, Robert Stabler; director
      & writer, Stephen Lord. Cast: Conlan Carter, Beverlee McKinsey,
      William Zukert, Robert Sorrells, Jennifer Edwards. © 17Jan70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38953.

  DEATHWATCH. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW. Filmways TV Productions & Raymax
    Productions. Approx. 29 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    association with NBC-TV Network. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc. &
    Raymax Productions, Inc.

    The bodyguard. Credits: By David Ketchum & Bruce Shelly. © 21Oct69;
      LP38919.

    How to succeed in the stock market without really trying. Credits:
      By Martin A. Ragaway. © 24Feb70; LP38914.

    In the soup. Credits: By Bill Idelson & Harvey Miller. © 30Sep69;
      LP38918.

    It's a bird. Credits: By Stanley Ralph Ross & Gene Thompson. ©
      23Sep69; LP38916.

    Married we can always get. Credits: Story, Gene Thompson & Stanley
      Ross; teleplay, Gene Thompson & Joel Kane. © 7Oct69; LP38917.

    Nothing but the truth. Credits: By Jim McGinn & Pat McCormick. ©
      3Feb70; LP38913.

    The producer. Credits: By David Ketchum & Bruce Shelly. © 24Mar70;
      LP38915.

    That's Debbie. Credits: By Jess Oppenheimer. © 16Sep69; LP38920.

    To and from Russia with love, pt. 2. Credits: By Joe Bonaduce & Ann
      Marcus. © 11Nov69; LP38921.

    Where there's a will, there's no way. Credits: By Barbara Avedon &
      Lionel Burt. © 31Mar70; LP38912.

  DECIMAL EQUIVALENTS FOR FRACTIONS. General Learning Corp. Distributed
    by Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21086.

  DECIMAL NAMES FOR RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed
    by Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21085.

  DECIMALS. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  DECIMALS: ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION. General Learning Corp. Distributed
    by Silver Burdett Co, a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21068.

  THE DECISION IS YOURS. Aetna Life & Casualty. 19 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Drivavision. Aetna Life & Casualty; 30Apr71; MP21608.

  DECODER MACHINE OPERATORS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  DECORATING A CAKE. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21251.

  DECORATIVE FOLIAGE. See

    MAN AND THE FOREST: SPECIAL FOREST PRODUCTS.

  DEEP BACK AND SPINAL CORD. Teaching Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 26Feb71; MU8293.

  DEEP SIX AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  DEFINITION OF SETS. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  DEMON OF KALANEMI. See

    MAYA.

  DEMON'S WORTH MORE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    57 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.: 29Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
    JP12881.

  DENTAL CARE: TEETH ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL (Filmstrip)
    McGraw-Hill Films. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. (Learning to learn series)

    Credits: Produced in collaboration with Ted Lowry.

    Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12493.

  DENVER & RIO GRANDE: NARROW GAUGE OVER CUMBRES. See

    DOUBLING THE STEEP SIDE.

    SUMMER ALONG THE SAN JUAN.

  DESIRED EXPERIENCES FOR FOURS AND FIVES (Filmstrip) Sunday School
    Board of the Southern Baptist Convention. 30 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Preschool vacation Bible school mission, series 71-73) © Sunday
    School Board of the S.B.C.; 5Mar71; JP13007.

  DETROIT: MANUFACTURING COMMUNITY. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  DEVELOPING A PLAN FOR CHURCH ADVANCE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50
    fr., color, 35 mm. With filmstrip guide, 1 v. © Broadman Films;
    4Jan71; A211945.

  DEVELOPING RESPONSIBILITY. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP21049.

  DEVELOPMENTAL DESIGN SERIES, PT. 1. See

    INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN.

  DEVIL'S OUTPOST. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  DIAGNOSIS. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  DIAGNOSTIC TEST OF SPEECH READING. Grune & Stratton. 7 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Helmer R. Myklebust. ©
    Grune & Stratton, Inc.; 12Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21441.

  DIALYSIS. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Osmosis) Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21418.

  DICTATING AND TRANSCRIBING MACHINES. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES.

  DID YOU EXPECT LESS. See

    THE COMPARE CHART.

  DID YOU HEAR THE ONE ABOUT THE TRAVELING SALESLADY? Universal
    Pictures. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope.

    Credits: Producer, Si Rose; director, Don Weis; screenplay, John
      Fenton Murry; story, Jim Fritzell & Everett Greenbaum; music, Vic
      Mizzy; director of photography, Bud Thackery; film editor, Edward
      Haire.

    Cast: Phyllis Diller, Bob Denver, Joe Flynn, Eileen Wesson, Jeanette
      Nolan.

    © Universal Pictures; 23Mar67; LP38594.

  DIFFERENT IDEAS ABOUT CATTLE. See

    GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE.

  DIFFERENT KINDS. See

    TREES.

  DIFFERENT THING. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 83.

  DIGESTION. See

    ENZYMATIC HYDROLYSIS.

  DIMENSIONING AND TOLERANCING. Deere & Co. 60 min., sd., b&w,
    Videotape. Appl. author: E. R. Friesth. © Deere & Co.; 5Apr71;
    MU8326.

  DINOSAURS, THE TERRIBLE LIZARDS. Wah Chang. Released by Charles Cahill
    & Associates. Distributed by Aims Instructional Media Services. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wah Chang; 30Sep70; MP21266.

  DIP CASTING. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    (Plastisol, no. 718) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21292.

  DIRECT PRINTING. Davidson Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Arts and
    crafts for children) © Davidson Films; 1Oct70; MP21376.

  A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. Made by Graphic
    Educational Systems Co. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    Instructor's handbook, A direction for tomorrow; written & created
    by Otis L. Bratton & Robert A. Tomlinson, 32 p.

    Contents: Cabbages to kings and various things. 39 fr.--Retail store
      department head. 29 fr.--Sales associate. 29 fr.--Specialty retail
      sales. 28 fr.--Retail food store clerk. 25 fr.--Credit counselor.
      26 fr.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 15Dec70; A224995.

  A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. Made by Graphic
    Educational Systems Co. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    Instructor's handbook, A direction for tomorrow; written & created
    by Otis L. Bratton & Robert A. Tomlinson, 32 p.

    Contents: Equipment rental assistant. 29 fr.--Food service
      assistants. 27 fr.--Park and recreation assistants. 28
      fr.--Electronic engineering assistants. 27 fr.--Real estate
      management trainees. 30 fr.--Jobs for the now generation. 35 fr.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 15Dec70; A224993.

  A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. Made by Graphic
    Educational Systems Co. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    Instructor's handbook, A direction for tomorrow; written & created
    by Otis L. Bratton & Robert A. Tomlinson, 32 p.

    Contents: The money tree. 36 fr.--The real estate appraiser. 30
      fr.--Investment account executives. 32 fr.--New accounts clerk. 24
      fr.--Bank tellers. 27 fr.--Decoder machine operators. 24 fr.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 11Dec70; A224994.

  A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: The nation's builders. 38 fr.--Heavy equipment operators.
      32 fr.-Carpenters. 37 fr.--Electricians. 28 fr.-Civil engineering
      technician. 37 fr.--Architectural draftsman. 26 fr.

    Credits: Written & photographed by Graphic Educational Systems Co.

    Appl. authors: Otis L. Bratton & Robert A. Tomlinson.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 7Dec70; A209370.

  DISARMAMENT: THE QUEST FOR PEACE (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 71
    fr., b&w, 35 mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Mar. 1971) With kit.
    © New York Times Co.; 9Mar71; A221163

  DISASSEMBLY. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  DISCHARGE CLEANING OF THE ISOLATION ROOM. Comprenetics. 12 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. (Housekeeping series) Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.;
    16Dec70; MP21460.

  DISCIPLINING CHILDREN CAN BE A PROBLEM (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 55 fr.; pt. 2, 45 fr.), color, 35 mm.
    (Marriage and family)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Beverlie Burgard.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13097,
      13092.

  DISCOVERING ROCKS AND MINERALS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional
    Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Kinds of rocks. 54 fr.--Kinds of minerals. 51 fr.--How we
      identify them. 51 fr.--Their value to us. 51 fr.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Donald G. Decker.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 19Oct70;
      JP12902.

  DISCOVERY. Min-On of America. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Narrator, Bob Safir; editors, Bob Safir & Nettie Pena.

    © Min-On of America; 28Jan71; MU8273.

  DISCOVERY 1: TO SEE (Filmstrip) Media Plus. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    filmstrip guide, 9 p.

    Credits: Words & pictures, Ann Grifalconi.

    © Media Plus, Inc.; 25Nov69; A212133.

  DISINFECTING BY SPRAYING AND FOGGING TECHNIQUES. Comprenetics. 12
    min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Housekeeping series) Loop film. ©
    Comprenetics, Inc.; 7Dec70; MP21461.

  DISTINGUISHED CONTRIBUTORS TO COUNSELING SERIES. See

    CARL ROGERS CONDUCTS AN ENCOUNTER GROUP.

    CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP.

  THE DISTURBANCE CALL: GENERAL. Woroner Films. 25 min., sd., color.
    (Officer training) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 12May71; MU8320.

  THE DIVIDED CITY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Universal Pictures; 1Jan68; LP38532.

  DIVIDING WITH DECIMALS, General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21088.

  DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: MISSING FACTOR METHOD. General Learning Corp.
    Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning
    Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Elementary mathematics for teachers and students) Presented in
    cooperation with National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl.
    author: General Learning Corp., employer for hire. © General
    Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21082.

  DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: RECIPROCAL METHOD. General Learning Corp.
    Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning
    Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Elementary mathematics for teachers and students) Presented in
    cooperation with National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl.
    author: General Learning Corp., employer for hire. © General
    Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21083.

  DIVISION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21067.

  DO YOU KNOW? (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. With Teacher's guide, 1 v.

    Contents: The big city circus. 27 fr.--Circus people. 29 fr.--Circus
      animals. 29 fr.--People who do tricks. 29 fr.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Edward Dubrowsky.

    © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 15Nov69; A216916.

  DO YOU KNOW? (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. With Teacher's guide, 1 v.

    Contents: What people do. 29 fr.--What are these things? 28
      fr.--Animal names--zoo. 29 fr.--Animal names--pets and farm. 29
      fr.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Edward Dubrowsky.

    © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 15Nov69; A216918.

  DO YOU WANT TO BE A GOOD PARENT? (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College.
    2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 48 fr.; pt. 2, 64 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Marriage
    and family)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Beverlie Burgard.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13094,
      13082.

  DOCTOR HERMAN SCHULTZ, M.D. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE. Gregstan Enterprises. Released by Sterling
    Television. 25 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Silents please)

    Credits: Author of new material, Paul Killiam.

    Cast: John Barrymore, Nita Naldi.

    Appl, states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 18Aug20, L14921. NM: revision,
      abridgement, effects, score & narration.

    © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 18Aug60 (in notice: 1959); LP39033.

  DOCTORS' WIVES. Frankovich Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures.
    100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Frank G. Slaughter.

    Credits: Producer, M. J. Frankovich; director, George Schaefer;
      screenplay, Daniel Taradash; music, Elmer Bernstein; director of
      photography, Charles B. Lang; film editor, Carl Kress.

    Cast: Dyan Cannon, Richard Crenna, Gene Hackman, Carroll O'Connor,
      Rachel Roberts.

    © Frankovitch [sic] Productions, Inc.; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP58733.

  A DODGE TRUCK COMPARADRAMA (1971 Dodge vs. Ford light-duty trucks)
    (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 54 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Dec70; JP12877.

  DOGNAPPER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  DOMICILE CONJUGAL (Bed and board) Films du Carrosse, Valoria Films &
    Fida Cinematografica. [France] Released in the U.S. by Columbia
    Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. English subtitles.

    Credits: Executive producer, Marcel Berbert; director, Francois
      Truffaut; script, Francois Truffaut, Claude de Givray & Bernard
      Revon; music, Antoine Duhamel; photography, Nestor Almendros;
      editor, Agnes Guillemot.

    Cast: Jean-Pierre Leaud, Claude Jade, Mlle. Hiroko, Barbara Laage,
      Daniele Girard.

    © Films de [sic] Carrosse, S.A.; 25Aug70; LF73.

  DON'T HUSTLE AN ANT WITH MUSCLE. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.;
    27Dec70; LP39173.

  DON'T JUST STAND THERE. Universal Pictures. 99 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Techniscope. Based on Charles Williams' novel The Wrong Venus.

    Credits: Producer, Stan Margulies; director, Ron Winston;
      screenplay, Charles Williams; music, Nick Perito; director of
      photography, Milton Krasner; film editor, Richard Bracken.

    Cast: Robert Wagner, Mary Tyler Moore, Glynis Johns, Harvey Korman,
      Barbara Rhoades.

    © Universal Pictures; 4May68; LP38826.

  DORA. See

    IRONSIDE.

  DOUBLING THE STEEP SIDE. Pt. 2; Chama to Cumbres Pass. Sunday River
    Productions. 31 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Denver & Rio Grande:
    Narrow gauge over Cumbres) Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday
    River Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 19Sep70; MP21198.

  DOWN ON THE FARM. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 12, issue 4.

  DOWN THE STREET PAST THE TELEPHONE POLE (Filmstrip) Graded Press. Made
    by Division of Curriculum Resources, General Board of Education,
    United Methodist Church. 64 fr., color, 35 mm. With Leader's guide,
    by Lois McDonnell, & Reading script, 14 p. Produced through Trafco.

    Credits: Director, C. B. Anderson; writer, Mrs. Lee Parkison;
      photographer, Wayne Smith; music, Sam Routh.

    © Graded Press; 3May71; A245408.

  DOWNTOWN. See

    LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY.

  THE DOWNTOWN SWAMI'S CHILDREN. Alpha Films. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    © Alpha Films; 15Dec70; MP21032.

  DRACULA. Gregstan Enterprises. Released by Sterling Television. 25
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Silents please) From the German original
    Nosferatu.

    Credits: Director, F. W. Murnau; author of new material, Paul
      Killiam.

    Appl. states prev. pub. 1929. NM: revision, abridgement, effects,
      score & narration.

    © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 28Sep61 (in notice: 1959); LP39034.

  DRAGNET 1970. Mark VII. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television. ©
    Dragnet Productions.

    A.I.D.--the weekend. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Richard Neil Morgan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Jack
      Sheldon, Herb Ellis, Rhoda Williams. © 12Feb70; LP39075.

    Auto Theft--Dognapper. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Art
      Gilmore, Tim Donnelly, James Minotto. © 26Feb70; LP39077.

    Bunco--$9,000. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb; writer, Don
      Kilburn. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Dave Willock, Nydia
      Westman, Buddy Lester. © 11Dec69; LP39096.

    Burglary--auto courtroom. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Jack Banet. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Lew Brown,
      Stacy Harris, Alan Soule. © 20Nov69; LP39093.

    Burglary auto--juvenile genius. Credits: Producer & director, Jack
      Webb; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan,
      Michael Tanner, Buddy Goster, David Gruner. © 4Dec69; LP39095.

    Burglary--baseball. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb; writer,
      Robert C. Dennis. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Virginia Gregg,
      Jill Donohue, Stuart Nisbett. © 9Apr70; LP39083.

    Burglary--helpful woman. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Nydia
      Westman, Julie Bennett, Ralph Moody. © 22Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP39060.

    Burglary--mister. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb; writer,
      Burt Prelutsky. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, John Hudson, Angie
      Strickland, Virginia Vincent. © 16Oct69; LP39089.

    Burglary--the son. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb; writer,
      Robert C. Dennis. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Robert Brubaker,
      Dorothy Morris, John Gilgreen. © 5Feb70; LP39074.

    D.H.Q,.--medical. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb; writer,
      Robert C. Dennis. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Del Moore, King
      Moody, Cyril Delevanti. © 9Oct69; LP39088.

    D.H.Q.--missing persons. C redits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Alf Harris. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Jill Banner,
      Dee Carroll, Joy Ellison. © 13Nov69; LP39092.

    D.H.Q.--night school. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Richard Neil Morgan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, J. C.
      Curtiss, Harry Bartell, Shannon Farnon. © 19Mar70; LP39080.

    D.H.Q.--the victims. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Ralph
      Moody, Art Balinger, Charles Brewer. © 16Apr70; LP39084.

    Forgery--the ranger. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Don Kilburn. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Stacy Harris,
      Judy McConnell, Ed Deemer. © 12Mar70; LP39079.

    Homicide--Cigarette butt. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Alf Harris. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Vic Perrin,
      Henery Corden, Than Wyenn. © 30Oct69; LP39091.

    Homicide--the student. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Jack Smith. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Virginia Gregg,
      Peggy Webber, Jill Banner. © 25Sep69; LP39086.

    Homicide--who killed who [sic]. Credits: Producer & director, Jack
      Webb; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Jim
      B. Smith, Herb Vigram, Marshall Rod. © 29Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP39062.

    I.A.D.--the receipt. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Art
      Balinger, Don Ross, Marco Antonio. © 26Mar70; LP39081.

    Internal affairs--parolee. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Clark
      Howat, Alice Backes, John Dennis. © 27Nov69; LP39094.

    Juvenile--the little pusher. Credits: Producer & director, Jack
      Webb; writer, James Doherty. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, James
      McEachin, Don Dubbins, Eve McVeagh. © 23Oct69; LP39090.

    Missing persons--the body. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Robert C. Dennis. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Luana
      Patten, Virginia Gregg, Howard Culver. © 5Mar70; LP39078.

    Narco--missing hype. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Len
      Wayland, Virginia Vincent, Kelley Sebring. © 8Jan70 (in notice:
      1969); LP39061.

    Narco--pillmaker. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb; writer,
      Alf Harris. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Maudie Prickett, Stacy
      Harris, Sam Edwards, Appl. ti: Narcotics--pillmaker. © 19Feb70;
      LP39076.

    Personnel--the shooting. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb;
      writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Virginia
      Gregg, Harry Bartell, William Boyett. © 18Sep69; LP39085.

    Robbery--the harassing wife. Credits: Producer & director, Jack
      Webb; writer, Alf Harris. Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Sid
      Clute, Julie Bennett, Art Gilmore. © 2Apr70; .

    S.I.U.--the ring. Credits: Producer & director, Jack Webb; writer,
      Robert C. Dennis, Cast: Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Louise Lorimer,
      Stephanie Shayne, Larry Levine. © 2Oct69; LP59087.

  THE DRAGON OF GOLD HILL. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  DRAGONFLY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21476.

  DRAKESTAIL. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  DRILL PRESSES & LATHES. See

    SHOP SAFETY.

  DRILLING COMPRESSED CUBE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. (Acrylics, no. 710) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21304.

  DRILLING, TAPPING AND THREADING. See

    METALWORKING.

  DRIVING--OR DRIVEN? Aetna Life & Casualty. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Aetna Life & Casualty; 5Mar71; MP21402.

  DROSOPHILA GENETICS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  DRUG ABUSE: WHO NEEDS IT? (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 51 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With Suggestions and guides for teaching, 1 v. Appl.
    states claim extends to 43 original photos; copyright not claimed on
    8 photos of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics. © Marsh Film
    Enterprises; 6Apr70; JP15053.

  DRUGS: FRIEND OR FOE? (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 50 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Marsh Film Enterprises; 6Apr70; JP12977.

  DRUM LATHE OPERATION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, F-5A) Planned & written by
    Sheldon Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    15Dec69; JP12821.

  DUKE OF TOMBSTONE. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  DUPLICATING AND COPYING MACHINES. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES.


                                   E

  THE EAGLE HAS LANDED MAN ON THE MOON. (Filmstrip) Science & Technology
    Education Center. 110 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Director, Frank M. Taylor; Writers, Wernher Von Braun &
      Frederick I. Ordway, III; narrator, Wernher Von Braun; artist,
      Richard McKenna.

    © Science & Technology Education Center; 5Jun70; JP12837.

  EAGLE'S DYNASTY. See

    LASSIE.

  EAR NOTCHING AND CLIPPING TEETH. Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (A.S. 8) Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 30Dec70;
    MP21213.

  EARLY CANDLE LIGHTEN. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  EARLY ROMANTIC ERA. See

    PATHWAYS TO MUSIC.

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES. See

    GROUND WATER: THE HIDDEN RESERVOIR.

  EASTERN EUROPE. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  THE EASY EIGHT WAY TO INCREASE DRYER SALES. Westinghouse Electric
    Corp. Made by Jam Handy Productions, division of T.T.P. Corp. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Westinghouse Electric Corp.; 8Feb71;
    MU8308.

  EASY READER. Livingston Free Public Library Board of Trustees. 18
    min., sd., color.

    Credits: Production manager, Carol A. Zbuska; directed, filmed &
      screenplay by Roger Mocenigo; contributing editors, Carol A.
      Zbuska, John Mocenigo, Bill Hamlin.

    © Free Public Library; 19Mar71; MU8315.

  ECHO OF A NIGHTMARE. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS (Filmstrip) QED Productions. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With study guide and scripts, and cassettes.

    Contents: Filmstrip: 1. Population statistics. 59 fr.--2. Population
      trends. 53 fr.--3. Some ecological considerations. 59 fr.--4-.
      Evolution and extinction. 62 fr.--5. Pesticides. 68 fr.--6.
      Pollution. 58 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Edward D. Eagle; director, Jack L.
      Tyler; writer, Richard Felger; graphic art & photography, Vaccaro
      Associates.

    © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 31Mar71; JP13207.

  ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED (Filmstrip) Eye Gate
    House. Made by Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With Teacher's manual. Contents: An upland forest. 40 fr.--A lowland
    forest. 41 fr.--A marsh. Appl. ti.: Marshes. 38 fr.--A grassland.
    Appl. ti.: Grasslands. 34 fr.--A stream. Appl. ti.: Streams and
    ponds. 40 fr.--A seashore. Appl. ti.: Tidal zone. 41 fr. ©
    Educational Direction, Inc.; 17Sep70; JP12811-12816.

  ECOLOGICAL SYSTEMS. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  ECOLOGY PROBE--PLANET EARTH. Fordham Equipment Co., Fordham Pub. Co.,
    & Kiva Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Fordham Equipment Co.,
    Inc.; 1Jun70; MP21605.

  ECONOMIC ASPECTS OF FAMILY LIVING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College.
    64 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, lesson 10)

    Credits: By G. H. Grotey.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68; JP13086.

  ECONOMIC DECISIONS: WHAT, HOW & FOR WHOM. Doubleday Multimedia. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of
    Doubleday & Co., Inc. (in notice: Doubleday Multimedia); 1Dec70;
    MP21167.

  ECONOMICS AND THE INDIVIDUAL. See

    BIG DAY TOMORROW.

    CROSSROADS.

    OF DOLLARS AND SENSE.

    SOMETHING FOR A RAINY DAY.

    WHICH COMES FIRST.

  THE ECONOMY AND GOVERNMENT OF ISRAEL. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  EDEN IS THE PLACE WE LEAVE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  EDITORIAL ART & PRODUCTION. See

    HOW A BOOK IS MADE.

  EDUCATION IN ISRAEL. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  EDWARD FIELD MINI-LESSON. See

    POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA.

  EFFECT OF LIGHT INTENSITY. Thorne Films. 5 min. si., color. Super 8
    mm. (Photosynthesis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21408.

  EFFECT OF pH. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Enzyme
    action) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21405.

  THE EFFECT OF SOCIAL AND CULTURAL FORCES ON FAMILY LIFE (Filmstrip)
    Mt. San Jacinto College. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family,
    by G. H. Grotey, lesson 17) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt.
    San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Dec68; JP13098.

  EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Enzyme action) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21406.

  EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE ON YEAST METABOLISM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Respiration) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21412.

  EFFECT OF WAVELENGTH. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Photosynthesis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21409.

  EFFECT ON CELL MEMBRANES. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. (Osmosis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21417.

  EGO REINFORCEMENT IN LABOR. Daniel D. Friedman. 24 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Daniel D. Friedman; 1Apr70; MP21212.

  8444 ON SHERMAN HILL. Sunday River Productions. 33 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions,
    solely owned by Alva Morrison; 17Sep70; MP21196.

  80 YEARS See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  EISENHOWER INTERVENES IN LITTLE ROCK. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  ELECTRIC SAFETY FROM A TO ZAP. Consumers Power Co. Made by Portafilms.
    10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Consumers Power Co.; 28Oct70; MP21465.

  ELECTRICAL CIRCUITS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 27 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, M2-C)

    Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13090.

  ELECTRICAL ENERGY. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  ELECTRICIANS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  ELECTRICITY AT WORK (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products)
    With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 6 v.

    Contents: A417-1--417-6: Light and heat from electricity. 56
      fr.--Cool light from electricity. 58 fr.--Magnetism from
      electricity. 57 fr.--The telegraph and telephone. 59
      fr.--Induction and transformers. 61 fr.--Electrolysis and
      electroplating. 63 fr.

    Credits: Writer & producer, Marc Ellis.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 18Sep70; A236148.

  ELECTRICITY MEASURER AS AN AMMETER (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 52 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © EdMediaTec, Inc.; 1May71; JP13163.

  ELECTROLYSIS AND ELECTROPLATING. See

    ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

  ELECTRON THEORY (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 36 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Automotive technology, unit M-2A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68; JP13100.

  ELECTRONIC ENGINEERING ASSISTANTS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  ELEMENTARY MATHEMATICS FOR TEACHERS AND STUDENTS. See

    ADDING WITH FRACTIONS.

    ADDITION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    ADDITION WITH MIXED NUMERALS.

    BETWEEN RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    BETWEEN THE WHOLE NUMBERS.

    BEYOND THE WHOLE NUMBERS.

    THE BIGGEST RECTANGLE.

    COMPARING RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    DECIMAL EQUIVALENTS FOR FRACTIONS.

    DECIMAL NAMES FOR RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    DECIMALS: ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.

    DIVIDING WITH DECIMALS.

    DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: MISSING FACTOR METHOD.

    DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: RECIPROCAL METHOD.

    DIVISION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS.

    EXPLOITATION OF ERRORS.

    FRACTIONS AND RATIONAL NUMBERS. GAMES.

    GRAPHING.

    GRAPHING INEQUALITIES.

    HIDDEN TREASURE.

    MAC'S FACTORY, OR SHORTCUTS IN MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS.

    MEASUREMENT.

    MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION WITH DECIMALS.

    MULTIPLICATION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    MULTIPLYING WITH DECIMALS.

    MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS.

    MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS: DISTRIBUTIVITY.

    NEGATIVE RATIONALS.

    OPERATIONS EXTENDED TO NEGATIVE RATIONALS.

    PROBABILITY.

    PRODUCT OF TWO NEGATIVE NUMBERS.

    RATIO.

    RECIPROCALS--MULTIPLICATIVE INVERSES.

    THE REMAINDER IN DIVISION.

    ROUNDING.

    SOLVING PAIRS OF EQUATIONS.

    SUBTRACTING WITH FRACTIONS.

    SUBTRACTING WITH MIXED NUMERALS.

    SUBTRACTION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    USING EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS TO COMPUTE SUMS.

  ELEMENTARY MUSIC (Filmstrip) United Transparencies. 57 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Teaching transparencies for overhead projection) © United
    Transparencies, Inc.; 3Aug67; A227021.

  ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS. Set A (Filmstrip) Macmillan Co. Made by
    Instructional Media Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    Teacher's manual, 55 p. Contents: Sun, moon, and earth. 44 fr.--Our
    changing earth. 44 fr.--Living on land. 51 fr.--Living in water. 37
    fr.--Your body's needs. 38 fr.--Heat. 47 fr. Script by Tintern
    Research & Educational Enterprises. © Macmillan Co.; 5Oct70;
    A207071.

  ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS. Set C (Filmstrip) Macmillan Co. Made by
    Instructional Media Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    Teacher's manual, 54 p. Contents: Patterns of growth. 40
    fr.--Physical properties of matter. 53 fr.--Chemical properties of
    matter. 37 fr.--Investigating the atmosphere. 44 fr.--Flight into
    space. 48 fr.--Exploring the oceans. 43 fr. Script by Tintern
    Research & Educational Enterprises. © Macmillan Co.; 12Oct70;
    A207070.

  ELEMENTS OF MANAGING FOR RADIOLOGISTS. E. I. Du Pont de Nemours & Co.
    Made by Audio Productions under supervision of the Dupont Co. Photo
    Products Dept. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © E. I. Du Pont de
    Nemours & Co., Inc.; 7Jun71; MP21622.

  ELEVATOR/CONSTRUCTION. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS)

  ELVIS, THAT'S THE WAY IT IS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 108 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Director, Denis Sanders; director of photography, Lucien
      Ballard; film editor, Henry Berman.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 30Oct70; LP38519.

  THE EMBATTLED METROPOLIS (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 67 fr., b&w,
    35 mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Dec. 1970) With kit. © New
    York Times Co.; 1Dec70; A242711.

  EMBEDDING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Polyester
    resins) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21474.

  EMISSARY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  ENCHANTED MULE. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  THE END OF RAINBOWS. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  END PRODUCTS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Photosynthesis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21407.

  L'ENFANT SAUVAGE (The wild child) Films du Carrosse & Productions
    Artistes Associes [France] Released in the U.S. by United Artists
    Corp. 85 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. English subtitles. D'apres Memoire
    et rapport sur Victor de l'Aveyron, par Jean Itard.

    Credits: Executive producer, Marcel Berbert; director, Francois
      Truffaut; screenplay, Francois Truffaut & Jean Gruault; director
      of photography, Nestor Almendros; film editor, Agnes Guillemot.

    Cast: Jean-Pierre Cargol, Jean Daste, Francois Truffaut, Francoise
      Seigner, Paul Ville.

    © Films du Carrosse; 26Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LF80.

  ENGLAND'S LAKE COUNTRY (Filmstrip) Perfection Form Co. 37 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Perfection Form Co.; 30Sep70; JP12850.

  ENGLISH. See

    THE LIBRARY CARD CATALOG SYSTEM.

    LIBRARY: INDEXES.

    LIBRARY: INTRODUCTION.

    RESEARCH SKILLS: CHOOSING AND NARROWING A TOPIC.

    RESEARCH SKILLS: PLANNING THE PAPER.

  ENGLISH SUPPLEMENT. See

    1967 ENGLISH SUPPLEMENT.

  ENVIRONMENT IN CRISIS. See

    PROBLEMS OF CONSERVATION: WILDLIFE.

  ENZYMATIC HYDROLYSIS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Digestion) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21439.

  ENZYME ACTION. See

    CATALASE.

    EFFECT OF pH.

    EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE.

    PTYALIN.

  EQUATIONS AND INEQUALITIES. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  EQUIPMENT RENTAL ASSISTANT. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  EQUIVALENT AND NON-EQUIVALENT SETS. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21074.

  ERIK SATIE AND THE KING OF THE BEANS. King Screen Productions. 12
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 2Oct70; MP20945.

  ESSENTIAL INGREDIENTS OF A NEGOTIATIONS AGREEMENT (Filmstrip)
    Educational Service Bureau. Made by Aids to Motivation. 100 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Service Bureau, Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13066.

  ESTIMATION. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  THE ETERNAL TRIANGLE OF SUCCESS (Filmstrip) B. F. Goodrich Co. Made by
    Jam Handy Productions. 99 fr., color, 35 mm. © B. F. Goodrich Co.;
    12Mar71; JU12864.

  ETUDE EN 21 POINTS. Office National du Film du Canada. Released by
    Columbia Pictures Industries. 11 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm.

    Credits: Director of production, Clement Perron; director, Jacques
      Bobet; editor, Yves Leduc.

    Cast: Denis Neale & Jaroslav Stanek.

    © Office National du Film du Canada; 1Apr70 (in notice: 1968);
      MP21040.

  EUROPE WAS OUR CLASSROOM. Herbert Wood Ockerman. 183 min., si., color,
    16 mm. © Herbert W. Ockerman; 24Dec70, MU8264.

  EVALUATING TEACHER DEMANDS (Filmstrip) Educational Service Bureau.
    Made by Aids to Motivation. 101 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational
    Service Bureau, Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13068.

  THE EVERLASTING BIRTHDAY PARTY. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  EVERYONE LOVES A BRIDE. Welcome Wagon International. Made by Vision
    Associates. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Mel London. ©
    Welcome Wagon International; 1Oct70; MP21103.

  EVOLUTION AND EXTINCTION. See

    THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.

  EVOLUTION OF A YOGI. Hartley Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Elda Hartley. © Hartley Productions, Inc.; 23Sep70;
    MP21138.

  EVOLUTION OF THE CLEANER AIR SYSTEM (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. 85 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.;
    29Jun71; JP13222.

  EXACTLY ONE HUNDRED MILES. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 15.

  EXPANDING WESTERN CIVILIZATION. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  EXPLOITATION OF ERRORS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21093.

  EXPLORING THE OCEANS. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  EXTRACTING DNA. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (DNA and
    cell reproduction) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21420.

  EXTRAOCULAR MUSCLES. See

    ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE.

  EYE AND CAMERA. Gerald F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany. Art & Nature,
    distributor. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Film thru film) © Gerald
    F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany; 21Sep70; MP21160.

  EYE OF THE CAT. Joseph M. Schenck Enterprises. Released by Universal
    Pictures. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Bernard Schwartz, Phillip Hazelton; director,
      David Lowell Rich; writer, Joseph Stefano; music, Lalo Schifrin;
      directors of photography, Russell Metty, Ellsworth Fredericks;
      film editor, J. Terry Williams.

    Cast: Michael Sarrazin, Gayle Hunnicutt, Eleanor Parker, Tim Henry,
      Laurence Naismith.

    © Universal Pictures; 2Aug70 (in notice: 1969); LP38883.


                                   F

  THE FACE OF THE DRAGON. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  FACE TO FACE. A. P. Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Executive producer, Thomas A. Pyle.

    © A. P. Productions, Inc.; 4Mar71; MP21288.

  THE FACELESS MAN. Hovue Productions. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Stanley Chase; director, Stuart Rosenberg;
      writer, Harry Kleiner.

    Cast: Jack Lord, Shirley Knight.

    © Hovue Productions; 4May66; LP38561.

  FACTORS AND PRIMES. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  FAIRY, CLAM AND TADPOLE SHRIMP. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21335.

  FALL OF BABYLON. Gregstan Enterprises. Released by Sterling
    Television. 25 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Silents please) Adapted from
    Intolerance.

    Credits: Director, D. W. Griffith; cameraman, Billy Bitzer; author
      of new material, Paul Killiam.

    Cast: Elmo Lincoln, Constance Talmadge, Seena Owen.

    Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 5Sep16, L9934. NM: revision,
      abridgement, effects, score & narration.

    © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 5Oct61 (in notice: 1959); LP59035.

  FALLING WATER. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21548.

  FAMILIES ARE DIFFERENT AND ALIKE. Coronet Instructional Films. 14
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Frank J. Estvan.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Jan71;
      MP21350.

  FAMILY AFFAIR. Family Affair Co. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 35
    mm. A Don Fedderson production. © Family Affair Co.

    Angel in the family. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      12Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38698.

    The birthday boy. Credits: Writer. Blanche Hanalis. © 13Nov69;
      LP38708.

    The boys against the girls. Credits: Writers, Fred S. Fox, Seaman
      Jacobs. © 26Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38696.

    Cissy's apartment. Credits: Writer, Si Rose. © 16Oct69; LP38704.

    Family in paradise, pt. 1. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      26Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38699.

    Family in paradise, pt. 2. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      2Apr70 (in notice: 1969); LP38700.

    The girl graduate. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 1Jan70
      (in notice: 1969); LP38688.

    Goodbye, Harold. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 25Dec69;
      LP38713.

    Grandpa, sir. Credits: Writer, Brad Radnitz. © 8Jan70 (in notice:
      1969); LP38689.

    The inheritance. Credits: Writer, Elroy Schwartz. © 5Feb70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38693.

    The Jody affair. Credits: Writer, Roland Wolpert. © 23Oct69;
      LP38705.

    The language of love. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin, Henry Garson.
      © 29Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38692.

    Marooned. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin, Henry Garson. © 15Jan70
      (in notice: 1969); LP3869O.

    Maudie. Credits: Writers, Henry Garson. Edmund Beloin. © 18Dec69;
      LP38712.

    Mr. Osaki's tree. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 22Jan70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38691.

    No uncle is an island. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      25Sep69; LP38701.

    Number one boy. Credits: Writer, William H. Wright. © 4Dec69;
      LP38710.

    The old cowhand. Credits: Writer, Walter Black. © 5Mar70 (in notice:
      1969); LP38697.

    The stowaway. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 20Nov69;
      LP38709.

    A tale of two travels. Credits: Writer, Rocci Chatfield. © 11Dec69;
      LP38711.

    There goes New York. Credits: Writer, Burt Styler. © 12Feb70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38694.

    Uncle Prince Charming. Credits: Writer, Rita Lakin. © 9Oct69;
      LP38703.

    What's funny about a broken leg? Credits; Writers, Austin & Irma
      Kalish. © 6Nov69; LP38707.

    The wings of an angel. Credits: Writer, Roswell Rogers. © 2Oct69;
      LP38702.

    With this ring. Credits: Writers, Henry Garson, Edmund Beloin. ©
      30Oct69; LP38706.

    Wouldn't it be lov-er-ly. Credits: Writer, Robert Pirosh. © 19Feb70
      (in notice: 1969); LP38695.

  FAMILY IN PARADISE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE FAMILY IN TIME OF TROUBLE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 65
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, by G. H. Grotey, lesson 11)
    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
    District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68; JP13104.

  FAMILY MAN. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  THE FAMILY TOGETHER. See

    OUR FAMILY IS BLACK.

  FARMS AROUND THE WORLD. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Oct70; MP21053.

  FASCINATING BIRDS OF NORTH AMERICA (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises.
    2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 50 fr.; pt. 2, 47 fr.), color, 35 mm. With
    Suggestions and guides for teaching, 1 v. Appl. states claim extends
    to 36 original photos. © Marsh Film Enterprises; 6Apr70; JP13054

  FASCINATING SNAKES OF NORTH AMERICA (Filmstrip) Marsh Film
    Enterprises. 48 fr.; color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Consultant photographer, Harry L. Gregory.

    © Marsh Film Enterprises; 6Apr70; JP12978.

  FAT IN THE SADDLE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Al
      Coe & Les Kline; music, Walter Greene; voice, Dal McKennon;
      Woody's voice, Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jun68; LP38544.

  FATHER AND SON. See

    LASSIE.

  FATHER AT WORK. See

    OUR FAMILY IS BLACK.

  FATHER'S CHOICE. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  THE FEMINIST AND THE FUZZ. Henerson & Guzman Productions. 90 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Jerry Paris; writer,
      Jim Henerson; music, Jack Elliot & Allyn Ferguson; director of
      photography, Emil Oster; film editor, Bud Molin.

    Cast: Barbara Eden, David Hartman, Harry Morgan, Roger Perry, Jo
      Anne Worley.

    © Henerson & Guzman Productions, Inc.; 26Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP38560.

  FERMENTATION. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Respiration) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21413.

  FERTILIZATION. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (DNA and
    cell reproduction) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21423.

  FEUDIN, FIGHTIN-N-FUSSIN. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35
    mm. (A Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Al
      Coe & Les Kline; music, Walter Greene; voice, Dal McKennon.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jun68; LP38546.

  FIBER GLASS. See

    FLAT LAMINATION.

    LAMINATION USING MATCHED MOLDS.

  A FIELD BECOMES A TOWN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 27Oct70; MP21024.

  FIELD DOG. See

    [WAYNE DOG FOOD TELEVISION COMMERCIAL]

  FIELD SOCIAL STUDIES PROGRAM (Filmstrip) Field Educational
    Publications. 93 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 27 p.

    Credits: Directors, Richard E. Gross, John U. Michaelis.

    © Field Educational Publications, Inc.; 30Oct70; A216466.

  THE FIERY ANGEL AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  50,000 PLUS. Wise Owl Club of the National Society for the Prevention
    of Blindness. Made by Harvest Films. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Leo Trachtenberg. © Harvest Films, Inc.; 4Feb71;
    MP21186.

  THE FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS. Fight of the Champions. Made by William
    Greaves Productions. From Cinerama Releasing Corp. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Fight of the Champions, a joint venture consisting
    of Perenchio, Inc. & California Sports, Inc.; 9Mar71; MP21379.

  FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS. Fight of the Champions. Made by William
    Greaves Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 11 min.,
    si., color, 8 mm. Appl. states prev. pub. & prev. reg. MP21379. NM:
    abridgment. © Fight of the Champions, a joint venture consisting of
    Perenchio, Inc. & California Sports, Inc.; 15Apr71; MP21592.

  FIGURE AND PORTRAIT. See

    WATERCOLOR.

  FILIPPINO LIPPI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12949.

  FILM THRU FILM. See

    CAMERA AND SHOT.

    EYE AND CAMERA.

    FRAGMENTING THE SCENE.

    SHOT AND SCENE.

  FILMSTRIP ON CURRENT AFFAIRS. See

    DISARMAMENT: THE QUEST FOR PEACE.

    THE EMBATTLED METROPOLIS.

    MASS MEDIA: THEIR ROLE IN A DEMOCRACY.

    YOUR TAX DOLLAR.

  FIND ME A NEEDLE. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 153.

  FINGER WAVING TECHNIQUES. International Institute of Coiffure
    Designers. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Allan Keith Productions,
    Inc.; 16Oct68 (in notice: 1965); MP21282.

  FIRST AID FOR BOOKS. Grace M. Phillipson. 22 min., b&w. © Grace M.
    Phillipson; 22Feb71; MU8292.

  FIRST ANNUAL DEEPFREEZE. Ranger Assn. of New York. 18 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm.

    Credits: Filmed by Horace L. Johns, Jr.

    © Ranger Assn.; 18Feb71; MU8286.

  FIRST DEGREE EQUATIONS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 37 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Math)

    Credits: Planned & written by Victor Burgard.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13080.

  THE FIRST 1000 DAYS. De Wolfe Photography. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Dan E. Wolfe d.b.a. de Wolfe Photography. © De Wolfe
    Photography; 13May71; MU8324.

  FIRST PROJECT S.O.A.R. Ranger Assn. of New York. 30 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Horace L. Johns, Jr. © Ranger Assn.;
    18Feb71; MU8287.

  FIRST THINGS: SOUND FILMSTRIPS FOR PRIMARY YEARS. See

    MAKING SENSE OF SETS.

  THE FIRST THREE MINUTES (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12786.

  FIRST TRAIN ON CUMBRES. Sunday River Productions. 17 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions;
    25Nov70; MP21099.

  FISH. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21260.

  FISH AND SEAFOOD. See

    FOODS WE EAT.

  FIVE FACES OF EVE (Filmstrip) Sears, Roebuck & Co. Made by Teletape
    Detroit Corp. 75 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sears, Roebuck & Co.; 1Jun71;
    JU12881.

  FLASH OF DARKNESS. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  FLAT LAMINATION. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. (Fiber glass, no. 715) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21295.

  FLAT WINE, STALE BREAD. Lutheran Film Associates. 15 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Robert E. Miller III; 23Mar70 (in notice: 1969); MP21452.

  FLEXIBLE 3-D MOLD CASTING. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. (Polyester resins, no. 714) © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21299.

  FLIGHT INTO SPACE. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  FLIGHT OF THE DOVES. Rainbow Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Walter
    Macken.

    Credits: Producer & director, Ralph Nelson; screenplay, Frank
      Gabrielson & Ralph Nelson; music composer, arranger & conductor,
      Roy Budd; director of photography, Harry Waxman; film editor, John
      Jympson.

    Cast: Ron Moody, Jack Wild, Dorothy McGuire, Stanley Holloway, Helen
      Raye.

    © Rainbow Productions, Inc.; 1Apr71; LP38924.

  FLOW INSTABILITIES. National Committee for Fluid Mechanics Films. Made
    by Education Development Center. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Education Development Center, Inc.; 7Sep68; MP21172.

  FLOWER FORMS. Pt. 5: Hardwood flowers and found objects (Filmstrip)
    Pap Films. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. (Small wood assemblage) From the
    motion picture Sticks and scraps. Appl. author: Warren D. Pressler.
    © Pap Films; 15Jun70; JP13041.

  FLOWER FORMS. Pt. 6: Painting, decorating and arranging (Filmstrip)
    Pap Films. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. (Small wood assemblage) From the
    motion picture Sticks and scraps. Appl. author: Warren D. Pressler.
    © Pap Films; 15Jun70; JP13040.

  FLOWER STORY: FLOWERS ALONG THE WAY OF LIFE. Costello Productions. 6
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Costello Productions & Lothar Spree;
    21May71; MU8334.

  FLOWER TRICKS AND DESIGNS. See

    HOW FLOWERS TRANSFER POLLEN.

  FLOWERS AND THEIR POLLINATION. See

    HOW FLOWERS TRANSFER POLLEN.

  FLOWERS, FRUITS AND SEEDS. See

    TREES.

  THE FLUTTERBYE. Ron Phillips Associates. Released by ACI Films. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Ronald L. Phillips. © Ron
    Phillips Associates; 16Sep70; MP21369.

  FLYING SORCERER. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  FOCUS ON LAOS. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 12, issue 9.

  FOCUS ON MOVEMENT. Dorothy Jacobs. 21 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Dorothy Jacobs; narrator, Carl Woods;
      music, Robert Kinn; camera & editing, Dorothy Jacobs.

    © Dorothy Jacobs; 12Apr71; MP21606.

  FOLLOW ME. Petersen Productions. Released by Cinerama. 79 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Gene McCabe; writer, Stanley Ralph
      Ross; music composer & director, Stu Phillips; cinematographers,
      Mike Margulies, Jim Freeman, Greg MacGillivray; editorial
      supervision, Igo Kanter.

    Cast: Claude Codgen, Mary Lou McGinnis, Bob Purvey, Bonnie Hill,
      Andrea Kermot.

    © Cinerama, Inc.; 30Apr69; LP38513.

  FOOD SERVICE ASSISTANTS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  FOODS WE EAT (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 1 v.

    Contents: Vegetables. 49 fr.--Grains. 53 fr.--Fruits. 50 fr.--Dairy
      products. 49 fr.--Meat and poultry. 51 fr.--Fish and seafood. 50
      fr.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Myrtle M. Imhoff; photographer,
      Harry Rogers; production, M. George Jennings.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 12Mar71;
      JP13209.

  FOOTBALL. Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States. 1
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Foote, Cone & Belding. ©
    Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States; 11Oct70;
    MP21056.

  FOR THE WAGON PEOPLE, CORONET! (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 77 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 11Mar71; JP13021.

  FORCE MEASURER (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 39 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    EdMediaTec, Inc.; 1May71; JP13162.

  FORGERY--THE RANGER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  FOSSILS, STRATA AND EVOLUTION (Filmstrip) Creation-Science Research
    Center. 86 fr., color, 35 mm. (Creation-science series) With manual,
    1 v.

    Credits: Narrator, John G. Read.

    © John G. Read; 24Oct70; A221645.

  FOURIER SERIES. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film.

    Credits: Producer, Russell K. Hobbie.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 15Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21400.

  FRACTIONS. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  FRACTIONS AND RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21063.

  FRAGMENTING THE SCENE. Gerald F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany. Art &
    Nature, distributor. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Film thru film) ©
    Gerald F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany; 21Sep70; MP21163.

  FRAME DAMAGE ANALYSIS AND CORRECTION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, M-1)

    Credits: Planned & written by Sheldon Abbott & Paul Wells.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13089.

  FRAMED. See

    LAND OF THE GIANTS.

  FRANCESCO GUARDI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Feb67; JP12933.

  FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT FIGHTS THE DEPRESSION. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  THE FRED STEINMARK STORY. American Cancer Society. 7 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 16Dec70; LP38874.

  FREE GROWTH. Alan Gorg. 37 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Alan Gorg; 4Dec70;
    MP21271.

  FRESHWATER BIOLOGY: ORGANISMS AND HABITATS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  FRESH WATER BRYOZOAN. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21334.

  A FRIEND FOR PENNY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  FRIENDS. Behrens Co. Approx. 3 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Behrens
    Co., Inc.

    Episode no.

    1. Peru, Vermont. © 15Sep70; LP39161.

    2. Frog City, Florida. © 15Sep70; LP39162.

    3. Baltimore, Maryland. © 15Sep70; LP39163.

    6. New Orleans, Louisiana. © 15Sep70; LP39164.

    7. Lafayette, Louisiana. © 15Sep70; LP39165.

    9. San Antonio, Texas. © 15Sep70; LP39166.

    10. Alpine, Texas. © 15Sep70; LP39167.

  FROG ANATOMY. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21438.

  FROG--CIRCULATORY SYSTEM. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21436.

  FROG CITY, FLORIDA. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 2.

  FROG: DIGESTIVE SYSTEM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21472.

  FROG--EXTERNAL ANATOMY AND ORAL CAVITY. Thorne Films. 5 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21433.

  FROG--GENERAL DISSECTION TECHNIQUE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21432.

  FROG JUMP. See

    HOT DOG. Series no. 13.

  FROG: MUSCULAR SYSTEM. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21479.

  FROG--NERVOUS SYSTEM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21437.

  FROG--PITHING TECHNIQUE. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21431.

  FROG--RESPIRATORY SYSTEM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21434.

  FROG: SKELETAL SYSTEM. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21478.

  FROG--UROGENITAL SYSTEM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21435.

  FROM BAR KOCHBA'S DEFEAT (A.D. 135) TO THE TURKISH CONQUEST (1517) See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  FROM BED TO WORSE. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 16May71; LP39169.

  FROM ENEMY TO ALLY. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 12, issue 5.

  FROM KITTY HAWK TO JUMBO JET. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 12, issue 7.

  FROM THE CRUSADERS (A.D. 1099) UNTIL THE END OF TURKISH RULE (1917)
    See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  FROM THE END OF WORLD WAR I TO THE PRESENT TIME. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  FROM THE SETTLEMENT OF CANAAN (1250-1200 B.C.) TO THE CAPTURE OF
    JERUSALEM BY THE CRUSADERS (A.D. 1099) See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  FROSTING A CAKE. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21249.

  THE FROZE NOSE KNOWS. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 18Nov70;
    LP39172.

  FRUIT FLY CHROMATOGRAPHY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. (DNA and cell reproduction) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21422.

  FRUITS. See

    FOODS WE EAT.

  FUELS, LUBRICANTS & FLUIDS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 93 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service
    conference, session no. 71-5) © Chrysler Corp.; 12Feb71; JP12990.

  FULL FATHOM FIVE. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE FULL SWING: WOODS AND IRONS. National Golf Foundation. 5 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fundamental skills in golf) Loop film. ©
    National Golf Foundation, Inc.; 15Mar71; MP21486.

  FULLY AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-2A. Iowa State
    University. Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science.
    4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. ©
    Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
    Technology; 9Oct70; MP21147.

  FUNDAMENTAL SKILLS IN GOLF. See

    THE FULL SWING: WORDS AND IRONS.

    THE GRIP: THE ADDRESS ROUTINE.

    THE PUTT.

    THE SAND EXPLOSION SHOT.

    THE SHORT APPROACH: PITCH AND RUN SHOT, PITCH SHOT.

    UNEVEN LIES: UPHILL, DOWNHILL, SIDEHILL.

  FUNDAMENTALS OF BIOLOGY. See

    CHORDATA.

  FUNDAMENTALS OF MECHANICAL CLOTHES DRYING SYSTEMS (Filmstrip) Sears,
    Roebuck & Co. Made by Jam Handy Productions, div. of T.T.P. Corp. 30
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Sears, Roebuck & Co.; 8Feb71; JU12790.

  FURY VS. FORD. See

    THE LONG & SHORT OF IT.


                                   G

  G. C. ODEN, MINI-LESSON. See

    POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA.

  GADDIS RATHEL, STOREKEEPER. See

    BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK.

  A GALLERY OF WATERCOLORS (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 53 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Gene S. Geeslin. NM: compilation. ©
    Visual Aids Studio, sole owner, Gene Smith Geeslin; 15Jan71;
    JP12831.

  GAMES. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a
    division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 6 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for teachers and
    students) Presented in cooperation with National Council of Teachers
    of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning Corp., employer for
    hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21094.

  GARDEN. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  GATITA QUE DESOBEDECIO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT 1]

  GELATIN MOLD. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21248.

  THE GENERAL. Jay Ward Productions. 8 reels, sd., b&w, 35 mm.

    Credits: Executive producer, Jay Ward Productions, Inc.; producer,
      Raymond Rohauer; directors, Buster Keaton & Clyde Bruckman;
      adapters, Al Boasberg & Charles Smith; photographers, J. D.
      Jennings & Bert Haines.

    Cast: Buster Keaton, Glen Cavender, Jim Farley, Frederick Vroom,
      Marton Mack.

    NM: new titles, editing & other revisions.

    © Jay Ward Productions, Inc. & Leopold Friedman, Trustee (in notice:
      Leopold Friedman-Jay Ward Productions, Inc.); 1Apr70 (in notice:
      1969); LP38511.

  GENERAL SHOP HAZARDS. See

    SHOP SAFETY.

  GENERATIONS APART, PT. 1: A QUESTION OF VALUES. See

    CBS REPORTS.

  GENERATIONS APART, PT. 2: A PROFILE OF DISSENT. See

    CBS REPORTS.

  GENERATIONS APART, PT. 3: THE YOUTH INTERNATIONAL. See

    CBS REPORTS.

  GENTILE DA FABRIANO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Mar67; JP12926.

  GEOGRAPHY. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE. Unit 3: Cultural geography (Filmstrip)
    Collier-Macmillan-Canada Films. Made by Association of American
    Geographers. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Different ideas about cattle. 27 fr.--Cultural change: A
      trend toward uniformity. 19 fr.

    NM: 3 transparency masters.

    © Association of American Geographers; 16Mar70; A227568.

  GEOMETRY. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  GEORGE BRUNO, HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR. See

    BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK.

  GEORGE HANDEL AND HIS SPINET. See

    MUSICAL ADVENTURES.

  GESTURE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 40 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Speech, 1-A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Clifford Sumrall.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o.

    Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
      College); 1Dec69; JP13096.

  GET CARTER. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
    the novel Jack's return home, by Ted Lewis.

    Credits: Producer, Michael Klinger; director & screenplay, Mike
      Hodges; music composed & played by Jack Fishman; director of
      photography, Wolfgang Suschitzky; film editor, John Trumper.

    Cast: Michael Caine, Ian Hendry, John Osborne, Britt Ekland, George
      Sewell.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 21Jan71; LP38523.

  GHOST TOWN. See

    LAND OF THE GIANTS.

  GIANT CHROMOSOMES OF DROSOPHILA. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (DNA and cell reproduction) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
    Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21421.

  GIFT. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  GIFT FROM FATHER TAPIS. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  THE GIFT OF THE MAGI (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 44 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products) Adapted from
    the short story by O. Henry, pseud. With Teacher's guide and reading
    script, 1 v.

    Credits: Illustrator, Charles McBarron.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 18Sep70; A236141.

  THE GINGERBREAD BOY. See

    STORIES FOR JOINING IN.

  GIORGIONE (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12929.

  GIOVANNI BELLINI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12939.

  GIOVANNI DI PAOLO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Jul67; JP12937.

  GIRL. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE GIRL GRADUATE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  GIVE UNTIL IT HURTS. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  GLACIER CANYON. See

    LASSIE.

  GLASS WORKING TECHNIQUES. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21426.

  THE GLEN CAMPBELL GOODTIME HOUR. Glenco Productions. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © Glenco Productions, Inc.

    Guests: Andy Griffith, Paul Lynde, Cher. Telecast: Dec. 21, 1969.
      Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich Eustis, Al Rogers; director,
      Jack Shea. © 16Dec69; LP38811.

    Guests: Catarina Valente, Roger Miller, Henry Gibson. Telecast: Jan.
      11, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich Eustis, Al Rogers;
      director, Jack Shea. © 6Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38819.

    Guests: Dionne Warwick, Fifth Dimension, Ruth Buzzi, John Byner.
      Telecast: Feb. 22, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich
      Eustis, Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 17Feb70; LP38817.

    Guests: Dionne Warwick, Roy Clark, Gaylord & Holiday. Telecast: Oct.
      22, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Cecil Tuck; director,
      Jack Shea. © 17Oct69; LP38810.

    Guests: Fess Parker, Sammy Shore, Willie Nelson, Lily Tomlin.
      Telecast: Mar. 29, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich
      Eustis, Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 24Mar70; LP38815.

    Guests: Peggy Lee, Wally Cox, Neil Diamond, Patchett & Tarses.
      Telecast: Jan. 18, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich
      Eustis, Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 13Jan70 (in notice:
      1969); LP38818.

    Guests: Ray Charles, George Gobel, Gloria Loring. Telecast: Jan. 25,
      1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich Eustis, Al Rogers;
      director, Jack Shea. © 20Jan70; LP38814.

    Guests: Shecky Greene, Bobbie Gentry, B. J. Thomas, Skiles &
      Henderson. Telecast: Feb. 15, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea,
      Rich Eustis, Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 10Feb70; LP38816.

    Guests: Tom Jones, Totie Fields, Jackie DeShannon. Telecast: Oct. 8,
      1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Cecil Tuck; director, Jack
      Shea. © 3Oct69; LP38813.

    Guests: Walter Brennan, Joey Heatherton, Norm Crosby. Telecast: Jan.
      4, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich Eustis, Al Rogers;
      director, Jack Shea. © 30Dec69; LP38812.

  THE GLEN CAMPBELL GOODTIME HOUR. Smo-Bro Productions. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Produced in association with
    Roger Gimbel Enterprises. © Smo-Bro Productions, Inc.

    Guests: Buffy Sainte-Marie, The Union Gap, John Byner. Telecast:
      Feb. 26, 1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Marty
      Pasetta. Cast: Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 21Feb69; LP38796.

    Guests: George Lindsey, Bill Medley, Merrilee Rush. Telecast: May
      14, 1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack Shea.
      Cast: Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 9May69; LP38800.

    Guests: Jim Nabors, Bobbie Gentry. Telecast: Mar. 19, 1969. Credits:
      Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack Shea. Cast: Pat Paulsen,
      John Hartford. © 14Mar69; LP38793.

    Guests: Joey Bishop, Judy Carne, Bobby Goldsboro. Telecast: Mar. 5,
      1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Marty Pasetta.
      Cast: Pat Paulsen, John Hartford, Joe South. © 1Mar69; LP38791.

    Guests: Johnny Cash, Vikki Carr, Bob Newhart. Telecast: Apr. 23,
      1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack Shea. Cast:
      John Hartford. © 18Apr69; LP38799.

    Guests: Jose Feliciano, The Clingers, Burns & Schreiber. Telecast:
      Feb. 12, 1969. Credits: Roger Gimbel; director, Marty Pasetta.
      Cast: Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 7Feb69; LP38803.

    Guests: Ken Berry, Leslie Uggams, Merle Haggard. Telecast: Mar. 12,
      1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack Shea. Cast:
      Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 7Mar69; LP38792.

    Guests: Liza Minelli, Waylon Jennings, Righteous Brothers. Telecast:
      Apr. 30, 1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack
      Shea. Cast: Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 25Apr69; LP38802.

    Guests: The Monkees, Jeannie C. Riley. Telecast: Feb. 5, 1969.
      Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Marty Pasetta. Cast:
      Pat Paulsen, Jack Burns. © 1Feb69; LP38795.

    Guests: Nancy Sinatra, Tim Conway, Al Martino. Telecast: Apr. 16,
      1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack Shea. Cast:
      John Hartford. © 11Apr69; LP38797.

    Guests: Ray Charles, Lynn Kellogg, Burns & Schreiber. Telecast: Apr.
      9, 1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack Shea.
      Cast: Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 4Apr69; LP38804.

    Guests: Roger Miller, Stevie Wonder. Telecast: Feb. 19, 1969.
      Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Marty Pasetta. Cast:
      Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 14Feb69; LP38794.

    Guests: Roy Clark, Goldie Hawn, The Association. Telecast: May 7,
      1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack Shea. Cast:
      Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 2May69; LP38801.

    Guests: Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, Flip Wilson, The Vogues. Telecast:
      Apr. 2, 1969. Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Jack
      Shea. Cast: Pat Paulsen, John Hartford. © 28Mar69; LP38798.

    Guests: Smothers Brothers, Bobbie Gentry. Telecast: Jan. 29, 1969.
      Credits: Producer, Roger Gimbel; director, Marty Pasetta. Cast:
      Pat Paulsen, John Hartford, Jack Burns. © 24Jan69; LP38790.

  GLOBAL CIRCULATION MODEL II. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21551.

  GO FOR CROAK. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 25Dec69; LP39023.

  GO, SOBER AND SAFE. Highway Safety Foundation. 29 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Highway Safety Foundation; 20Feb71; MP21536.

  GO WEST, YOUNG MANFRED. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  GOLDILOCKS. See

    [SHAKEY'S, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  GOLF/FROGMAN. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  GOOD COP: HANDLE WITH CARE. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 52.

  THE GOOD LIFE. Screen Gems. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC world
    premiere movie) A Humble/Lorimar production. Based on the book of
    the same title by Douglass Wallop.

    Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Hy Averback; writers
      Lawrence J. Cohen & Fred Freeman.

    Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills, David Wayne, Kate Reid, Danny
      Goldman.

    © Screen Gems, division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
      22Mar71; LP38931.

  GOOD WILL TOUR. See

    IRONSIDE.

  GOODBY, WAMERU. See

    DAKTARI.

  GOODBYE, AUNT HARRIET. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  GOODBYE, FAT LARRY. Mushroom Productions. 100 min., sd., color.

    Credits: Producer & director, Jon Pownall; musical score, Wilderness
      Road; cameraman, Nick Kolias; film editor, M. J. Smith.

    © Mushroom Productions, Ltd.; 22Apr71; MU8321.

  GOODBYE GEMINI. Cinerama. [England] Released in the U.S. by Cinerama
    International Releasing Organization. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    From the novel Ask Agamemnon, by Jenni Hall.

    Credits: Producer, Peter Snell; director, Alan Gibson; screenplay,
      Edmund Ward; photographer, Geoffrey Unsworth; editor, Ernest
      Hosler.

    Cast: Judy Geeson, Martin Potter, Michael Redgrave, Alexis Kanner,
      Mike Pratt.

    © Cinerama, Inc.; 6Aug70; LP38515.

  GOODBYE, HAROLD. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  GOODBYE HARRY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  GOPHER BROKE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A Walter
    Lantz Beary family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford &
      Paul Frees.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Apr69; LP38542.

  A GORILLA IS A GORILLA. See

    ADVENTURES WITH ALPHIE.

  GOWN FOR ALISON. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Grain Belt
    Breweries. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Grain Belt
    Breweries, Inc.

    Beef. XGMR0639. Appl. author: Knox Reeves Advertising. © 17Mar71;
      MP21630.

    A case. XGMR0139. Appl. author: Knox Reeves Advertising. © 15Mar71;
      MP21627.

    Knowledge. XGMR0519. Appl. author: Knox Reeves Advertising. ©
      17Mar71; MP21629.

    Pizza. XGMR0339. Appl. author: Knox Reeves Advertising. © 17Mar71;
      MP21628.

    Style. XGMR0019. Appl. author: Knox Reeves Advertising. © 15Mar71;
      MP21626.

    Warm heart. XGMR0219. Appl. author: Knox Reeves Advertising. ©
      15Mar71; MP21631.

  GRAINS. See

    FOODS WE EAT.

  GRAMMAR IN WORDS: FORM WORDS. See

    UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

  GRAMMAR IN WORDS: STRUCTURE WORDS. See

    UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

  GRAND CANYON, A SIMULATED FIELD TRIP (Filmstrip) Western Minerals. 2
    filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 16 mm.

    Credits: By Carleton Moore & Chester F. Royse, Jr.

    © Western Minerals, Inc.; 29Dec70 (in notice: 1969); JP12921.

  GRAND VILLE AND GRAND PRIX, 2 GRAND WAYS TO LUXURY (Filmstrip) Pontiac
    Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Jam Handy Organization.
    49 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
    Corp.; 18Feb71; JU12811.

  GRANDPA, SIR. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  GRANDSTAND PLAY. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  GRAPHING. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a
    division of General Learning Corp. Made

    by Davidson Films. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary
      mathematics for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation
      with National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author:
      General Learning Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning
      Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21072.

  GRAPHING. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  GRAPHING INEQUALITIES. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21096.

  GRASS YARD. See

    URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.

  THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES. Series 2 (Filmstrip) Pathescope
    Educational Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: The story of Rufus. 47 fr.--The story of Mr. Milkpopple.
      45 fr.--Jimmy and the circus. 44 fr.--How to hide an elephant. 41
      fr.

    Credits: Creator & illustrator, Erwin Scharf.

    © Pathescope Educational Films, Inc.; 22Feb71; A228830.

  GRASSLAND. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

  GRASSLANDS. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  GRAVLEE JET WASHER FOR ENDOMETRIAL ANALYSIS. Upjohn Co. 5 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Upjohn Co.; 13May71; LP38971.

  THE GREAT CONTINENTAL OVERLAND CROSSCOUNTRY RACE.
    Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 23May71; LP39171.

  THE GREAT MOJAVE DESERT. National Geographic Society & Metromedia
    Producers Corp. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic
    Society; 4Feb71; MP21267.

  THE GREAT PINTO BEAN GOLD HUNT. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  GREAT STORIES--BIBLE STORIES. American Lutheran Church, Dept. of
    TV/Radio/Films. Made by Cameo Productions. 65 reels (5 min. each),
    sd., color, 16 mm. Released in cooperation with Broadcasting & Film
    Commission of National Council of Churches. © American Lutheran
    Church; 1Sep69; LP38775.

  GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES (Filmstrip) Pathescope Educational
    Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's manual, 100 p.

    Contents: Washington Irving. 59 fr.--Ralph Waldo Emerson. 58
      fr.--Henry David Thoreau. 58 fr.--Nathaniel Hawthorne. 58
      fr.--Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. 59 fr.--Herman Melville. 58 fr.

    Credits: Script & photography, Warren Murray.

    © Pathescope Educational Films, Inc.; 12Feb71; A220736.

  GREEN. Jill Caroff. 6 min., sd., b&w & color, 16 mm. © Jill Caroff;
    24Feb71; MU8295.

  GREEN LEAF. See

    A NEW LEAF.

  THE GREEN PLANTS. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  GRINDERS, ROUTERS, POWER SAWS & JOINTERS. See

    SHOP SAFETY.

  THE GRIP: THE ADDRESS ROUTINE. National Golf Foundation. 5 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Fundamental skills in golf) Loop film. ©
    National Golf Foundation, Inc.; 15Mar71; MP21485.

  GROUND WATER: THE HIDDEN RESERVOIR. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Audio
    Productions. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Earth science series) ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 2Jan71; MP21174.

  THE GROWTH OF THE EARLY CHURCH (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 45 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 4Jan71; A210738.

  GUESTS.

    For titles beginning with Guests See THE GLEN CAMPBELL GOODTIME
      HOUR.

  GUIDE TO A SUMMER THEATRE. Flat Rock Playhouse. 15 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. A Pisgah production.

    Credits: Writer & director, Mack Travis; camera, Jimmy Reed.

    © Mack A. Travis & James W. Reed, Jr. d.b.a. Travis/Reed Associates;
      25Jan71; MP21442.

  GUIDES TO DISSECTION. See

    THE BACK: THE SHOULDER REGION.

    THE BACK: THE SUBOCCIPITAL REGION.

    DEEP BACK AND SPINAL CORD.

    HEAD AND NECK: THE DEEP FACE.

    HEAD AND NECK: THE FRONT OF THE SKULL AND THE FACE.

    HEAD AND NECK: VESSELS AND NERVES OF THE SUPERFICIAL FACE.

    THE LOWER EXTREMITY: POSTERIOR ASPECT OF THE THIGH.

    PELVIS AND PERINEUM: FEMALE PELVIS.

    PELVIS AND PERINEUM: FEMALE PERINEUM.

    PELVIS AND PERINEUM: MALE PERINEUM.

    PELVIS AND PERINEUM: THE MALE PELVIS.

    PLANTAR ASPECT OF THE FOOT.

    THE SUPERFICIAL BACK.

  GUINESS BOOK OF WORLD RECORDS. See

    THE RECORD MAKERS.

  GUNSMOKE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Albert. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jim Byrnes. Cast:
      James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 2Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38737.

    The badge. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jim Brynes.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 26Jan70; LP38746.

    The cage. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Calvin Clements.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 16Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38740.

    Celia. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Harry Kronman. Cast
      James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 16Feb70; LP38743.

    Charlie Noon. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jim Byrnes.
      Cast: James Arness. © 27Oct69; LP38760.

    Coreyville. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Herman Groves.
      Cast: James Arness. © 29Sep69; LP38761.

    Danny. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Preston Wood. Cast:
      James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Glenn
      Strange. © 6Oct69; LP38752.

    The devil's outpost. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jim
      Byrnes; teleplay, Jim Brynes & Bob Barbash; story, Bob Barbash.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Buck Taylor. ©
      15Sep69; LP38751.

    Doctor Herman Schultz, M.D. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow;
      teleplay, Calvin Clements; story, Benny Rubin. Cast: James Arness,
      Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 19Jan70
      (in notice: 1969); LP38739.

    Hackett. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, William Kelley.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 9Mar70; LP38747.

    The hawk. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writers, Kay Lenard,
      Jess Carneol. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis. © 13Oct69; LP38756.

    The innocent. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Walter
      Black. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Ken Curtis. © 17Nov69;
      LP38755.

    Jake MacGraw. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writers, Kay Lenard,
      Jess Carneol. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 1Dec69; LP38759.

    The Judas gun. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Harry
      Kronman. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Glenn Strange. © 12Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38741.

    Kiowa. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Ron Bishop. Cast:
      James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 9Feb70; LP38742.

    A man called Smith. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Calvin
      Clements. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor, Ted Jordan. © 20Oct69; LP38750.

    A matter of honor. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Joy
      Dexter. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Glenn Strange. © 10Nov69; LP38748.

    Morgan. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writers, Kay Lenard, Jess
      Carneol. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 23Feb70; LP38745.

    The pack rat. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writers, Jim Byrnes,
      Arthur Browne, Jr. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda
      Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 4Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP38738.

    Ring of darkness. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Arthur
      Dales. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 24Nov69; LP38749.

    Roots of fear. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Arthur
      Browne, Jr. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Ted Jordan. © 8Dec69; LP38758.

    The sisters. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, William
      Kelley. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis. © 22Dec69; LP38754.

    The still. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Calvin
      Clements. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 3Nov69; LP38757.

    Stryker. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Herman Groves.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 22Sep69; LP38825.

    The thieves. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Thomas
      Thompson. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Glenn Strange. © 2Mar70; LP38744.

    The war priest. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, William
      Kelley. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Glenn Strange. © 29Dec69; LP38753.

  THE GURNIUS AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  GYNECOCRACY: FEMININE RULE. Kounis Productions. 30 min., sd., color,
    16 mm.

    Credits: Producer & editor, Thomas Kounis; director, Takis
      Hatjopoulos; narrator, Ron Wright; music, Athan Karras; directors
      of photography, Stamatis Tripos & George Panousopoulos; cameramen,
      Kostas Eliopoulos & Vengelis Eliopoulos; background music, Athan
      Karras.

    Cast: The people of Monoklisia.

    © Kounis Productions; 31Dec70; MU8265.


                                   H

  HACKETT. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  HAIKU: A PHOTOGRAPHIC INTERPRETATION (Filmstrip) Lyceum Productions.
    55 fr., color, 35 mm. Based on the book, The moods of earth, by Ann
    Atwood.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ann Atwood; narrator, Michael Rye;
      sound engineer, Harlan Harker.

    © Lyceum Productions, Inc.; 19May71; JP13168.

  HAIL, HERO! Cinema Center Films. Released by National General Pictures
    Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Halcyon production. Based on a
    novel by John Weston.

    Credits: Producer, Harold D. Cohen; director, David Miller;
      screenplay, David Manber; music, Jerome Moross; cinematographer,
      Robert Hauser; film editor, Jack McSweeney.

    Cast: Michael Douglas, Arthur Kennedy, Teresa Wright, John Larch,
      Charles Drake.

    © Halcyon Productions, Inc.; 26Sep69; LP38735.

  HALF-CHICK. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  HALFWAY BACK FROM HELL. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  HAM SHANK AND PICNIC SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 400. Iowa State
    University. Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science.
    4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. ©
    Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
    Technology; 7Oct70; MP21154.

  HAMBURGERS. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21257.

  HAND SAWS, CHISELS & FILES. See

    SHOP SAFETY.

  HANDLING GRIEVANCES. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  HANSEL AND GRETEL. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  HARASSING WIFE. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  HARBOR. King Screen Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © King
    Broadcasting Co.; 4Mar71; MP21313.

  HARD CASE OF THE BLUES. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  HARDWOOD FLOWERS AND FOUND OBJECTS. See

    FLOWER FORMS.

  HARP THAT ONCE. See

    THE RECKONING.

  THE HAUNTED HOUSE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made by
    Moreland-Latchford Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.; 13Apr71; MP21565.

  HAVE GUN, CAN'T TRAVEL. Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel, sd., color, 35
    mm. (A Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Al
      Coe, Les Kline; music, Clarence Wheeler; voice, Dal McKennon.

    © Universal Pictures Co., Inc.; 1Feb66; LP38893.

  HAWAII CONVENTION. Min-On of America. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Guy McCloskey; director, Mike Elsey; narrator,
      Joe Landis.

    © Min-On of America; 28Jan71; MU8271.

  HAWAII FIVE-O. Leonard Freeman Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Along came Joey. Credits: Teleplay, Jerry Ludwig, Mel Goldberg;
      story, Jerry Ludwig. © 5Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38717.

    And they painted daisies on his coffin. Credits: Writer, John D. F.
      Black. © 30Oct68; LP38726.

    The box. Credits: Teleplay, John D. F. Black; story, Leonard
      Freeman, John D. F. Black. © 22Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38714.

    Deathwatch. Credits: Writer, Shirl Hendryx. © 18Dec68; LP38727.

    The face of the dragon. Credits: Writer, Robert C. Dennis. © 15Jan69
      (in notice: 1968); LP38720.

    Full fathom five. Credits: Writer, Ken Kolb. © 19Sep68; LP38728.

    The grandstand play, pt. 1. Credits: Writer, Adrian Spies. ©
      24Feb71; LP38780.

    The grandstand play, pt. 2. Credits: Teleplay, Adrian Spies, Eric
      Bercovici & Jerry Ludwig; story, Adrian Spies. © 3Mar71; LP38781.

    No blue skies. Credits: Teleplay, Herman Groves, Mel Goldberg;
      story, Herman Groves. © 28Nov68; LP38723.

    Not that much different. Credits: Writer, Mark Rodgers. © 28Feb69
      (in notice: 1968); LP38719.

    Once upon a time, pt. 1 © 12Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38715.

    Once upon a time, pt. 2. © 19Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38716.

    One for the money. Credits: Teleplay, Palmer Thompson; story, Robert
      Stambler. © 28Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38721.

    Pray love remember, pray love remember. Credits: Story, Leonard
      Freeman; teleplay, John D. F. Black. © 24Dec68; LP38724.

    Samurai. Credits: Story, Jerome Coopersmith; teleplay, Jerome
      Coopersmith, Mel Goldberg. © 10Oct68; LP38729.

    Six kilos. © 5Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38778.

    Twenty-four karat kill. Credits: Writer, David P. Harmon. © 7Nov68;
      LP38725.

    Up tight. Credits: Teleplay, Mel Goldberg; story, David Harmon. ©
      8Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38718.

    The ways of love. Credits: Writer, Laurence Heath. © 14Nov68;
      LP38722.

    Yesterday died and tomorrow won't be born. Credits: Writer, John D.
      F. Black. © 12Dec68; LP38730.

  HAWK. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  HEAD AND NECK: THE DEEP FACE. Teaching Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 7May71; MU8328.

  HEAD AND NECK: THE FRONT OF THE SKULL AND THE FACE. Teaching Films. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films,
    Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 7May71; MU8330.

  HEAD AND NECK: VESSELS AND NERVES OF THE SUPERFICIAL FACE. Teaching
    Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching
    Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 7May71; MU8329.

  HEALTH SCIENCE. See

    REACTION TO STRESS.

  HEART. See

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  HEAT. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  HEAT FOR BEGINNERS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Clifford G. McCollum.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Nov70;
      MP21358.

  HEAT FORMING SERIES. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. (Acrylics, no. 707) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21301.

  HEAVY EQUIPMENT OPERATORS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  HELLO, AUNT HARRIET. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  HELLO--GOODBYE. Twentieth Century-Fox Productions. 107 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Productions, Ltd.; 12Jul70;
    LP38927.

  HELP FOR MARK. Oregon Assn. for Retarded Children & Teaching Research,
    division of Oregon State System of Higher Education. Distributed by
    Appleton-Century-Crofts. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with
    the cooperation of Haven School, Fairview Hospital Training Center &
    Mental Health Division of the State of Oregon. © Teaching Research;
    3Aug70; MP21178.

  HELPFUL WOMAN. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  HEMORRHAGE. See

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  HENNY PENNY. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

    STORIES FOR JOINING IN.

  HENRY DAVID THOREAU. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES.

  HENRY WADSWORTH LONGFELLOW. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES.

  HENRY'S SIMPLE MACHINE. King Screen Productions. 11 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 13Jan71; MP21176.

  HERE COMES CRICKET; AN INTRODUCTION TO DODGE COLT (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 2 filmstrips (45 fr. each) on 1 roll,
    color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 7May71; JP13149.

  HERMAN MELVILLE. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES.

  HERO. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 114.

  HIDDEN TREASURE. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver Burdett
    Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for teachers and
    students) Presented in cooperation with National Council of Teachers
    of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning Corp., employer for
    hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21091.

  HIDING PLACES. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  HIGH CARD. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  HIGH-SPEED PEELING OF CELLULOSE SAUSAGE CASINGS, RANGER APOLLO, IX-C.
    Iowa State University. Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of
    Animal Science. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend
    Engineering Co. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 9Oct70; MP21145.

  HIGHWAY HECKLERS. Universal Pictures. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline, Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Daws Butler,
      Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Sep68; LP38525.

  A HIKE IN THE FOREST. See

    SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY.

  THE HILLS RUN RED. Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica. [Germany]
    Released in the U.S. by United Artists Corp. 94 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Techniscope.

    Credits: Producers, Ermanno Donati, Luigi Carpentieri; director, Lee
      W. Beaver; story & screenplay, Dean Craig.

    Cast: Thomas Hunter, Henry Silva, Nando Gazzolo, Dan Duryea,
      Nicoletta Machiavelli.

    © Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica, S.P.A.; 10Feb67 (in notice:
      1966); LF75.

  HIS MAJESTY, THE SCARECROW OF OZ. Sterling Educational Films, division
    of the Walter Reade Organization. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
    Movies--our modern art)

    Credits: Writer & director, Frank L. Baum.

    Appl. author: James L. Limbacher. Appl. states prev. pub. 1914. NM:
      additions & revisions.

    © Spectra Pictures Corp.; 20May70; LP38508.

  HIS WIFE'S HABIT. Joy-Oke Productions. Released by Howco
    International. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Adapted from a story by
    Joy N. Houck & J. J. Milane. © Joy-Oke Productions, Inc.; 15Jul70;
    LP38788.

  HISTORY AS THE NEWS CAMERA SAW IT (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4
    filmstrips, b&w, 35 mm.

    Contents: 611-1--611-4: 1950-1955. 46 fr.--1955-1960. 50
      fr.--1960-1965. 47 fr.--1965-1970. 50 fr.

    Credits: Author, Wm. F. Keefe; photos, United Press International.

    NM: compilation.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Apr71; JP13213-13216.

  HOLDS FOR UNCOLLECTED FUNDS (Filmstrip) Training Dept., Bank of
    America National Trust & Savings Assn. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl.
    ti.: Loss prevention--placing holds. © Bank of America National
    Trust & Savings Assn.; 28Jan71; JP13123.

  HOLIDAYS YOUR NEIGHBORS CELEBRATE. Coronet Instructional Films. 11
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Frank J. Estvan.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Jan71;
      MP21348.

  HOLOCAUST. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  HOLOCAUST, PT. 2. See

    LASSIE.

  HOLY SMOKE. Billy Budd Films. 8 min., color & b&w, 16 mm. © Billy Budd
    Films, Inc.; 1Jan71; MP21139.

  HOME TO CHEYENNE. Sunday River Productions. 11 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions,
    solely owned by Alva Morrison; 17Sep70; MP21199.

  HOME TO METHUSELAH. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  HOMICIDE--CIGARETTE BUTT. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  HOMICIDE--THE STUDENT. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  HOMICIDE--WHO KILLED WHO. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  HONDO. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented in association with Batjac Productions &
    Fenady Associates. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

    Hondo and the Apache Kid. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, Frank L. Moss. © 13Oct67; LP38983.

    Hondo and the comancheros. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, Frank Paris. © 10Nov67; LP38987.

    Hondo and the death drive. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, Peter B. Germano. © 1Dec67; LP38990.

    Hondo and the eagle claw. Credits: Producer & writer, Andrew J.
      Fenady. © 8Sep67; LP38978.

    Hondo and the ghost of Ed Dow. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writers, George F. Slavin & Stanley Adams. © 24Nov67; LP38989.

    Hondo and the hanging town. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writers, Stanley Adams & George Slavin. © 8Dec67; LP38991.

    Hondo and the Judas. Credits: Producer & story, Andrew J. Fenady;
      teleplay, Frank Chase. © 3Nov67; LP38986.

    Hondo and the mad dog. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady; writer,
      Nathaniel Tanchuck. © 27Oct67; LP38985.

    Hondo and the savage. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady; writer,
      Frank Chase. © 6Oct67; LP38982.

    Hondo and the singing wire. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, George Schenck. © 22Sep67; LP38980.

    Hondo and the sudden town. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, Palmer Thompson. © 11Nov67; LP38988.

    Hondo and the superstition massacre. Credits: Producer & writer,
      Andrew J. Fenady. © 29Sep67; LP38981.

    Hondo and the war cry. Credits: Producer & writer, Andrew J. Fenady.
      © 15Sep67; LP38979.

    Hondo and the war hawks. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, Donn Mullally. © 20Oct67; LP38984.

  HOOK, LINE AND STINKER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.
    (A Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler; Woody's
      voice, Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Mar68; LP38541.

  HOP BUYING. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  HOP LOADING. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  HOPE AND DESPAIR. See

    MOODS FROM NATURE: HOPE AND DESPAIR.

  HORIZONS OF HOPE. National Broadcasting Co. 57 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced in association with National Council of Churches.

    Credits: Producer, Doris Ann; director & photographer, Joseph
      Vadala; narrator, Norman Rose; writer, Philip Scharper; editor,
      John F. Teeple.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 1Feb71; MP21541.

  HORSE CLAM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21321.

  HORSE RACE. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  HORSES. FilmFair Communications & Trend Films. 7 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 10Mar71; MP21454.

  HOSTAGE. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 43.

  HOT DOG. Lee Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions. Approx. 28
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Lee
    Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions.

    Series no.

    7. Toothbrushes. © 24Oct70; MP21217.

    8. Skis. © 7Nov70; MP21215.

    9. Baseball bats. © 14Nov70; MP21216.

    10. Cardboard boxes. © 21Nov70; MP21214.

    12. Plywood. © 12Dec70; MP21218.

    13. Frog jump. © 17Oct70; MP21219.

  HOT TIME ON ICE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director: Paul J. Smith; story, Sid Marcus; animators, Al
      Coe, Les Kline; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Mar67; LP38894.

  HOUSE OF CARDS. Westward Productions. Released by Universal Pictures.
    105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. From the novel by Stanley
    Ellin.

    Credits: Producer, Dick Berg; director, John Guillermin; screenplay,
      James P. Bonner; music, Francis Lai; director of photography,
      Piero Portalupi; film editor, J. Terry Williams.

    Cast: George Peppard, Inger Stevens, Orson Welles, Keith Michell,
      Ralph Michael.

    © Westward Productions; 9Nov68; LP38907.

  THE HOUSE THAT DRIPPED BLOOD. Amicus Productions. Released by Cinerama
    Releasing Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Max J. Rosenberg & Milton Subotsky; director,
      Peter Duffell; screenplay, Robert Block; director of photography,
      Ray Parslow; editor, Peter Tanner.

    Cast: Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Nyree Dawn Porter, Denholm
      Elliott, Jon Pertwee.

    © Cinerama, Inc.; 10Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP39019.

  THE HOUSE THAT MARK BUILT. Rophel Associates. 25 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © David Gerstein, Philip Mikan & Paul E. Smith d.b.a. Rophel
    Associates; 16Apr71; MP21593.

  HOUSEKEEPING SERIES. See

    DAILY CLEANING OF THE ISOLATION UNIT.

    DISCHARGE CLEANING OF THE ISOLATION ROOM.

    DISINFECTING BY SPRAYING AND FOGGING TECHNIQUES.

    ISOLATION LINEN AND WASTE DISPOSAL.

    PROCEDURES FOR ENTERING AND LEAVING THE ISOLATION UNIT.

  HOUSING. See

    PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.

  HOUSING CRISIS. See

    AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.

  HOW A BOOK IS MADE (Filmstrip) Media Plus. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With kit.

    Contents: Pt. 1-3: Editorial art & production. 66 fr.--Printing. 52
      fr.--Binding. 47 fr.

    Credits: Commentary & pictures, Ann Grifalconi.

    Appl. states book & bookmarks prev. pub.

    © Media Plus, Inc.; 25Nov69; A212134.

  HOW ANIMALS MOVE. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  HOW BIRDS FIND FOOD. See

    THE PLACE OF BIRDS IN NATURE.

  HOW BIRDS RAISE THEIR YOUNG. See

    THE PLACE OF BIRDS IN NATURE.

  HOW FLOWERS TRANSFER POLLEN (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 5
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 446-1--446-5: Flowers and their
    pollination. 40 fr.--Insect pollination, pt. 1. 42 fr.--Insect
    pollination, pt. 2. 38 fr.--Wind pollination. 39 fr.--Flower tricks
    and designs. 40 fr.

    Credits: Author-photographer, Ross E. Hutchins.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 21Dec70; JP12823-JP12827.

  HOW IS IT THAT AN ENGLISHMAN SPEAKS ENGLISH. See

    LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.

  HOW LEVERS HELP US. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Clarence R. Trexler.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Nov70;
      MP21360.

  HOW LIVING THINGS CHANGE. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  HOW RAMPS HELP US. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Clarence R. Trexler.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Nov70;
      MP21359.

  HOW THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON GOT HIS NAME (SHARING) See

    THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

  HOW THEY GROW. See

    TREES.

  HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS (Filmstrip) Title Insurance & Trust Co.
    Made by Rocket Pictures. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Creating a salable listing. 102 fr.--What will you do for
      me? 104 fr.--Keeping them happy. 100 fr.--Make it worthwhile. 105
      fr.--What's the difference? 97 fr.--Your prospects for success. 96
      fr.

    © Rocket Pictures, Inc.; 7Jul69; JP13038.

  HOW TO FRAME A FIGG. Universal Pictures. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Edward J. Montagne; director, Alan Rafkin;
      screenplay, George Tibbles; music, Vic Mizzy; director of
      photography, William Margulies; film editor, Sam E. Waxman.

    Cast: Don Knotts, Elaine Joyce, Joe Flynn, Edward Andrews, Yvonne
      Craig.

    © Universal Pictures; 10Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP39188.

  HOW TO HIDE AN ELEPHANT. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  HOW TO IMPROVE INDIVIDUAL MANAGER PERFORMANCE. See

    CONCEPTS OF MANAGEMENT.

    MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION AND JOB DESCRIPTIONS.

    ORGANIZATION.

    PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL.

    STANDARD OF PERFORMANCE.

  HOW TO READ NEWSPAPERS. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21044.

  HOW TO STITCH. See

    LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE.

  HOW TO SUCCEED IN THE STOCK MARKET WITHOUT REALLY TRYING. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  HOW TO TAKE NOTES. See

    STUDY WITH NO SWEAT.

  HOW TO THREAD. See

    LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE.

  HOW TO USE A DISTRIBUTOR MACHINE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College.
    52 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, M50-A)

    Credits: Writer, John Schuster.

    Appl. author: Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec70; JP13014.

  HOW TO USE DIAL-TYPE BALANCES. Ohaus Scale Corp. 7 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Ohaus Scale Corp.; 22Jan71; MU8267.

  HOW TO USE THE CENT-O-GRAM BALANCE. Ohaus Scale Corp. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Ohaus Scale Corp.; 22Jan71; MU8269.

  HOW TO USE THE HARVARD TRIP BALANCE. Ohaus Scale Corp. 6 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Ohaus Scale Corp.; 22Jan71; MU8268.

  HOW WE IDENTIFY THEM. See

    DISCOVERING ROCKS AND MINERALS.

  HOW WEDGES HELP US. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Clarence R. Trexler.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Dec70;
      MP21356.

  HULA DOLL AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. 9 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. (Map filmstrip program) With Map-filmstrip correlation
    guide, 8 p.

    Contents: Background of Western civilization. 34 fr.--Western
      civilization, pt. 1. 31 fr.--Western civilization, pt. 2. 41
      fr.--Eastern Europe. 25 fr.--Expanding Western civilization. 28
      fr.--The Islamic world. 25 fr.--Africa south of the Sahara. 32
      fr.--India and Southeast Asia. 37 fr.--East Asia. 23 fr.

    Appls. state prev. reg. 12Jan70, A123018. NM: additions.

    © General Learning Corp.; 31Dec70; JP13180-13188.

  HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT, 10. See

    THE WORLD SINCE 1939.

  HUMANITIES. See

    SPIRIT OF THE RENAISSANCE.

  HUSBANDS. Faces Music. Released by Columbia Pictures. 141 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Al Ruban; associate producer, Sam Shaw; director
      & writer, John Cassavetes; music directors, Stanley Wilson, Jack
      Ackerman; director of photography, Victor Kemper; camera
      operators, Rich Mingalone, Mike Chapman, Jeff Glover; supervising
      editor, Peter Tanner.

    Cast: Ben Gazzara, Peter Falk, John Cassavetes, Jenny Runacre, Jenny
      Lee Wright.

    © Faces Music, Inc.; 1Dec70; LP38732.

  HYDRAULIC SYSTEM. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.


                                   I

  I.A.D.--THE RECEIPT. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  I AM ALSO A YOU. Wonderful Films/Bruce Kerner. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 14 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book by Jay
    Thompson. © Wonderful Films/Bruce Kerner; 4Nov70; LP39175.

  I AM FREEDOM'S CHILD. FilmFair Communications. 5 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. A Trend film. Based on the book by Bill Martin, Jr. © FilmFair,
    Inc.; 10Mar71; MP21457.

  I AM THINKING OF MY DARLING. See

    WHAT'S SO BAD ABOUT FEELING GOOD?

  I BELIEVE. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  I LOVE MY WIFE. Universal Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Elliott Gould, Brenda Vaccaro, Leonard Stone, Andy Stuart,
      Joanna Cameron.

    © Universal Pictures; 21Dec70; LP38969.

  I REACH TO THE MORNING. See

    REACH OUT.

  I THINK. Wombat Productions. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wombat
    Productions, Inc.; 31Jan71; MP21344.

  I.V. THERAPY. See

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  IDENTIFICATION OF FRESH WATER ORGANISMS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21333.

  IDENTIFICATION OF MARINE ORGANISMS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21481.

  IDENTIFY, PREDICT, DECIDE, EXECUTE. Aetna Life & Casualty. 14 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Drivavizion. © Aetna Life & Casualty; 30Apr71;
    MP21609.

  I'LL BUY THAT. American Cancer Society. Made by Mazin-Wyckoff Co. 13
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 21Aug70;
    LP38881.

  I'M TAKIN' THE TIME. Marathon International Productions. 9 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Marathon International Productions, Inc.; 30Dec70;
    MP21305.

  IMPERSONATION. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 54.

  THE IMPORTANCE OF HEREDITY AND EUGENICS IN FAMILY LIFE (Filmstrip) Mt.
    San Jacinto College. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, by
    G. H. Grotey, lesson 6) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San
    Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Dec68; JP13102.

  IMPRESSIONISTIC ERA. See

    PATHWAYS TO MUSIC.

  IMPRESSIONS. FilmFair Communications. Made by Trend Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 25May71; MP21532.

  IN A CLOCK STORE. Christopher Leggo. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Jaxon-Bauer; 21Dec70; MP21602.

  IN THE BLUE RIDGE. Sunday River Productions. 34 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions;
    25Nov70; MP21100.

  IN THE SOUP. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  INDIA AND SOUTHEAST ASIA. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  INDIAN HERITAGE: THE TREASURE. King Screen Productions. 13 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 13Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
    MP21175.

  INDIANS. See

    COLORADO: THE INDIANS.

  INDIRECT PRINTING. Davidson Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Arts
    and crafts for children) © Davidson Films; 1Oct70; MP21375.

  INDUCTION AND JOB INSTRUCTION. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  INDUCTION AND TRANSFORMERS. See

    ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

  INDUSTRIAL NATION AT WORK, PT. 1-3. See

    JAPAN.

  INDUSTRY AND COMMERCE. See

    SEEING EASTERN EUROPE.

    SEEING THE PACIFIC STATES.

  INDUSTRY WEEK FILM REPORT. See

    THE MANAGER: HEARTBEAT OF AMERICAN INDUSTRY.

  THE INHERITANCE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  INHERITING YOUR PHYSICAL TRAITS. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 9Sep70; MP21048.

  INNER-CITY SIMULATION LABORATORY (Filmstrip) Science Research
    Associates. Made by Cinemedia. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Orientation to Edison School. 59 fr.--Orientation to the
      urban public schools. 64 fr.

    Credits: By Donald R. Cruickshank.

    © Science Research Associates, Inc.; 1Aug69; A230554.

  INNOCENT. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  INSECT POLLINATION. See

    HOW FLOWERS TRANSFER POLLEN.

  INSIDE O.U.T. Screen Gems. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC world
    premiere movie) A Humble Productions, Inc. picture.

    Credits: Producers & writers, Lawrence C. Cohen & Fred Freeman;
      director, Reza Badiyi.

    Cast: Bill Daily, Alan Oppenheimer, Farrah Fawcett, Mike Henry.

    © Screen Gems, division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
      22Mar71; LP38930.

  INTERNAL AFFAIRS--PAROLEE. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  INTERNAL CARVING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. (Acrylics, no. 709) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21303.

  INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM OF UNITS. King Screen Productions. 22 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: International systems of units. © King
    Broadcasting Co.; 2Dec70; MP21493.

  INTERPRETING COMPANY POLICIES. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  INTOLERANCE. See

    FALL OF BABYLON.

  INTRODUCING (Filmstrip) Allyn Distributing Co. 91 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Appl. author: Robert Peters. © Allyn Distributing Co.; 15Oct70;
    JP12832.

  INTRODUCTION. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

    PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.

  INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS (Filmstrip) John Wiley & Sons.
    Made by Visual Science Productions. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With 12 Film guides, 1 sheet each.

    Contents: Cellular respiration: aspects of energy release. 44
      fr.--Modes and examples of asexual reproduction. 43 fr.--World
      biomes. 50 fr.--A survey of variations in the sexual process. 44
      fr.--Aspects of cell ultrastructure. 46 fr.--Chemical regulation
      and hormones. 46 fr.--Drosophila genetics. 48 fr.--Biochemistry of
      DNA. 46 fr.--Freshwater biology: organisms and habitats. 48
      fr.--Nerves and nervous systems. 49 fr.--The light and dark
      reactions of photosynthesis. 44 fr.--Marine biology: coral atoll
      origin and development. 44 fr.

    Credits: Director, Richard A. Boolootian; illustrator, Margaret
      Schmidt.

    Appl. ti.: Boolootian: biology filmstrips.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 1Jul70 (in notices: 1969); JP13029.

  INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 4 v.

    Contents: A613-1--613-4: Typewriters. 65 fr.--Dictating and
      transcribing machines. 57 fr.--Adding and calculating machines. 64
      fr.--Duplicating and copying machines. 72 fr.

    Credits: Producer, Marc F. Ellis; consultant, John L. Adams.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 11Feb71; A226003.

  INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 57 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Developmental design series, pt. 1) With Teacher's
    guide, 1 v.

    Credits: Script & editing, William J. Breitenbach; art, James L.
      Humphries.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Dec70; JP13106.

  INTRODUCTION TO DODGE COLT. See

    HERE COMES CRICKET; AN INTRODUCTION TO DODGE COLT.

  AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS (Filmstrip) Eye Gate
    House. Made by Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With Teacher's manual. Contents: An upland forest. 39 fr.--A lowland
    forest. 36 fr.--A marsh. Appl. ti.: Marshes. 39 fr.--A grassland.
    Appl. ti.: Grasslands. 37 fr.--A stream. Appl. ti.: Streams and
    ponds. 33 fr.--A seashore. Appl. ti.: Tidal zone. 38 fr. ©
    Educational Direction, Inc.; 17Sep70; JP12805-12810.

  INTRODUCTION TO MUSEUMS. See

    A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.

  INTRODUCTION TO STENCIL DUPLICATION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. Planned & written by C. Rohr. © Mt.
    San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District
    (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 15Dec69; JP12819.

  INTRODUCTION TO THE BIBLE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 42 fr., color,
    35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Apr69; A244038.

  INTRODUCTION TO THE CATHODE-RAY OSCILLOSCOPE. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 5Nov70; MP21029.

  INVESTIGATING THE ATMOSPHERE. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  INVESTMENT ACCOUNT EXECUTIVES. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Harbour-UTV.

    Beware the wiles of the stranger. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin;
      director, Don Weis; script, Robert Earl. Cast: Raymond Burr,
      Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Tina Louise. ©
      19Jan70; LP39177.

    Dora. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director, John Florea;
      writer, Frank Chase. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don Mitchell, Don
      Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Ann Doran. © 5Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP39186.

    Eden is the place we leave. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton;
      director, Daniel Petrie; writer, John Kneubuhl. Cast: Raymond
      Burr, Don Mitchell, Don Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Patrick
      Adiarte. © 26Jan70; LP39178.

    Good will tour. Credits: Director, Robert Day; writers, Norman
      Katkov, Winston Miller. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don
      Galloway, Don Mitchell, Bradford Dillman. © 23Mar70; LP39184.

    One hour to kill. Credits: Director, Dick Benedict; writer, Sandy
      Stern. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don
      Mitchell, Robert Lipton. © 23Feb70; LP39182.

    Ransom. Credits: Director, Abner Biberman; writer, Arthur
      Weingarten. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway,
      Don Mitchell. Carla Borelli. © 16Feb70; LP39181.

    Return to Fiji. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Don
      Weis; writer, Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don Mitchell, Don
      Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Ann Collings. © 9Feb70; LP39180.

    Tom Dayton is loose among us. Credits: Director, Don McDougall;
      writers, Francine Carroll, Winston Miller. Cast: Raymond Burr,
      Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Bill Bixby. ©
      6Apr70; LP39185.

    Warrior's return. Credits: Director, Don Weis; by Irv Pearlberg.
      Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell,
      Ned Romero. © 2Mar70; LP39183.

    The wrong time, the wrong place. Credits: Producer, Albert Aley;
      director, John Florea; writers, Norman Borisoff, Sy Salkowitz &
      Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway,
      Don Mitchell, Tiffany Bowling. © 2Feb70; LP39179.

  IS THERE A DOCTOR IN THE HOUSE? Screen Gems. 30 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (NBC world premiere movie) A Thornhill Productions, Inc.
    picture.

    Credits: Director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Bernard Slade.

    Cast: William Windom, Rosemary Forsyth, Margaret Hamilton.

    © Screen Gems, division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
      22Mar71; LP38929.

  ISADORA. Universal Pictures. 136 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on My
    life, by Isadora Duncan & Isadora Duncan, an intimate portrait, by
    Sewell Stokes.

    Credits: Producers, Robert & Raymond Hakim; director, Karel Reisz;
      screenplay by Melvyn Bragg, Clive Exton; film music, Maurice
      Jarre; dance music composed, arranged & conducted by Anthony
      Bowles; director of photography, Larry Pizer; editor, Tom
      Priestley.

    Cast: Vanessa Redgrave, James Fox, Ivan Tchenko, John Fraser, Jason
      Robards.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 27Sep68; LP38910.

  ISADORA DUNCAN, AN INTIMATE PORTRAIT. See

    ISADORA.

  THE ISLAMIC WORLD. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  ISLAND HOPPIN'. Foster Films. Released by Universal Pictures Co. 1
    reel, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Harry Foster; writer, Sid Theil.

    © Universal Pictures Co., Inc.; 1Jan67; LP38806.

  ISLAND OF GOLD AND PRECIOUS STONES. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  ISOLATION LINEN AND WASTE DISPOSAL. Comprenetics. 11 min., sd., color,
    8 mm. (Housekeeping series) Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.;
    13Oct70; MP21463.

  ISOTOPE FEENEY'S FOOLISH FOG. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  ISRAEL, 3000 YEARS OF HISTORY. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  ITALIAN MANNERISTS (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 16
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Jul67; JP12945.

  THE ITALIAN RENAISSANCE, 15TH AND 16TH CENTURIES. See

    WORLD HISTORY: THREE GREAT ERAS OF MANKIND.

  IT'S A BIRD. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  IT'S BABY TIME. Welcome Wagon International. Made by Vision
    Associates. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Mel London. ©
    Welcome Wagon International; 1Oct70; MP21102.

  IT'S EASY IF YOU KNOW HOW. Producers Associates. Distributed by Walt
    Disney Educational Materials Co. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Trend
    release. Appl. author: Jack Spear. © Jack Spear, Producers
    Associates; 21Oct70; LP38661.


                                   J

  THE J FOR JUDAS AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  JACK AND THE BEANSTALK. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  JACK JOHNSON. Big Fights. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    William D. Cayton. © Big Fights, Inc.; 4Jun70; MP21233.

  JACK'S RETURN HOME, See

    GET CARTER.

  [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Jackson Brewing Co.
    Approx. 60 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm.

  © Jackson Brewing Co.

    Boxing. JBBJ0461. © 8Feb71; MP21570.

    Checkpoint. JBCF2061. © 20Apr71; MP21572.

    80 years. © 8Feb71; MP21287.

    Hop buying. JBHF1961. © 20Apr71; MP21574.

    Hop loading. JPLF2161. © 20Apr71; MP21571.

    Horse race. © 8Feb71; MP21284.

    Oil. © 8Feb71; MP21285.

    Rathskeller. JBRF1861. © 5Apr71; MP21573.

    Rough riders. © 8Feb71; MP21286.

  JACKSON DEFEATS THE BANK. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  JAKE MACGRAW. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  JAPAN (Filmstrip) Academy Films. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    Contents: The urban life of its people, pt. 1-3: 42 fr.--40 fr.--41
    fr.--The rural life of its people, pt. 1-3: 44 fr.--43 fr.--42
    fr.--Japan's varied geography and land uses, pt. 1-3: 42 fr.--42
    fr.--55 fr.--An industrial nation at work, pt. 1-3: 50 fr.--47
    fr.--42 fr.

    Credits: Photographer, Ralph Larsen.

    Appl. ti.: Japan series, the land and its people.

    © Academy Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; JP12845.

  JEAN BAPTISTE COROT (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15
    fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

  © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Mar67; JP12951.

  JEAN PIAGET: MEMORY AND INTELLIGENCE. Davidson Films. 45 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. French, with English subtitles. © Davidson Films;
    12May71; MP21598.

  JEFFERSON BUYS LOUISIANA. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  JENNY WILDE IS DROWNING. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  JERKY TURKEY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A Walter
    Lantz Beary family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford &
      Paul Frees.

    Appl. ti.: Jerkey Turkey.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Apr67; LP38538.

  JERRY'S FIRST DAY AT SCHOOL. See

    OUR FAMILY IS BLACK.

  JERUSALEM, CENTER OF MANY WORLDS. Atlantis Productions. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, J. Michael Hagopian.

    © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 2Jan69 (in notice: 1968); MP21544.

  JESSAMYN WEST--MY HAND, MY PEN. Davidson Films. 17 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Davidson Films; 1Oct70; MP21374.

  JIMMY AND THE CIRCUS. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  JOB OPPORTUNITIES NOW. Group 1 (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 6 v.

    Contents: A612-1--612-6: Requirements in the world of jobs. 74
      fr.--Achieving success in the world of jobs. 51 fr.--Job
      opportunities in a restaurant. 64 fr.--Job opportunities in a
      hospital. 67 fr.--Job opportunities in a department store. 64
      fr.--Job opportunities in a supermarket. 60 fr.

    Credits: Collaborator, Lester A. Spielman.

    Appl. author: Woodbury Conkling.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 6Oct70; A236144.

  JOBS FOR THE WOW GENERATION. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  JOBS IN THE CITY: DISTRIBUTION. Centron Educational Films. 11 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Mar71; MP21469.

  JOCKEY/MILEAGE TEST. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  JOCKO GOES TO THE HOSPITAL. Pace Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: Mrs. R. A. Krause. © Pace Productions, Inc.;
    8Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21312.

  JODY AFFAIR. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  JOE COCKER: MAD DOGS & ENGLISHMEN. A & M Films. Released by
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 118 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in
    association with Creative Film Associates.

    Credits: Producers, Pierre Adidge, Harry Marks & Robert Abel;
      director, Pierre Adidge; co-director & film editor, Sidney Levin;
      music mixer, Glyn Johns; photographer, David Myers.

    Cast: Joe Cocker, Leon Russell, Chris Stainton, Jim Price, Bobby
      Keys.

    © A&M Films; 19Mar71; LP39151.

  JOHN CLAIBORNE, BUTCHER. See

    BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK.

  JOHN HENRY. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  JOHNNY APPLESEED. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  JONATHAN LANIER, STUDENT. See

    BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK.

  JOURNEY TO A STAR: A SCIENCE FANTASY. Coronet Instructional Films. 19
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP21050.

  JOURNEY TO SCATHELOCK. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  JOURNEY TO SHILOH. Universal Pictures. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Techniscope. Based on the novel by Will Henry.

    Credits: Producer, Howard Christie; director, William Hale;
      screenplay by Gene Coon; music, David Gates; director of
      photography, Enzo A. Martinelli; film editor, Edward W. Williams.

    Cast: James Caan, Michael Sarrazin, Brenda Scott, Don Stroud, Noah
      Beery.

    © Universal Pictures; 6Jul67; LP38820.

  JOURNEY TO THE FAR SIDE OF THE SUN. Universal Pictures. 98 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Based on the story by Gerry & Sylvia Anderson.

    Credits: Producers, Gerry & Sylvia Anderson; director, Robert
      Parrish; screenplay, Donald James, Gerry & Sylvia Anderson;
      photography, John Read; film editor, Len Walter.

    Cast: Ian Hendry, Roy Thinnes, Patrick Wymark, Lynn Loring, Loni Von
      Friedl.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 1Nov69; LP39049.

  JOURNEY TO THE HIGH ARCTIC. National Geographic Society & Metromedia
    Producers Corp. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, director & writer, Bud Wiser; music composer &
      conductor, Walter Scharf; director of photography, Jeri Sopanen;
      editors, Paul Schremp & Hyman Kaufman.

    © National Geographic Society; 6Apr71; MP21500.

  JUDAISM CONFRONTS HELLENISM. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  JUDAS GUN. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  JUMP WITH MR. JUMP AND DANCE. William Stanton, Edward Roll & Herbert
    Michaels. 50 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1/2 in.) (With
    Tri-dimensional living mirror) © William Stanton, Edward Roll &
    Herbert Michaels; 15Apr71; LU3609.

  JUVENILE GENIUS. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  JUVENILE--THE LITTLE PUSHER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.


                                   K

  K-12 (Filmstrip) Allstate Insurance Co. 76 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    kit. © Allstate Insurance Co.; 15Sep70; JP13044.

  KALEIDOSCOPIC TEXTILE DESIGNS. Paul E. Stephens. 18 min., si., color,
    16 mm. © Paul E. Stephens; 19Apr71; MP21601.

  KEEP A GOOD THING GOING (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 51 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 26Feb71; JP13024.

  KEEPING THEM HAPPY. See

    HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.

  KENMORE FABRIC MASTER WITH SOFT HEAT WRINKLE GUARD (Filmstrip) Sears,
    Roebuck & Co. Made by Jam Handy Productions. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Sears, Roebuck & Co.; 28Sep70; JU12609.

  KENNEDY CONFRONTS THE SOVIET UNION. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  KES. Woodfall Films [England] Released in the U.S. by United Artists
    Corp. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Kestrel Films production. From
    the book A kestrel for a knave, by Barry Hines.

    Credits: Producer, Tony Garnett; director, Kenneth Loach; music
      composer & conductor, John Cameron; photographer, Chris Menges;
      editor, Roy Watts.

    Cast: David Bradley, Colin Welland, Lynne Perrie, Freddie Fletcher,
      Brian Glover.

    © Woodfall Films, Ltd.; 25Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LF77.

  KESTREL FOR A KNAVE. See

    KES.

  KETALAR ANESTHESIA IN OBSTETRICS. Parke, Davis & Co. Made by Impact
    Production Associates, 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Parke, Davis &
    Co.; 5Feb71; MU8270.

  THE KEY TO SUCCESS (Filmstrip) Audiovisual Service, Boy Scouts of
    America. 36 fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 8Jan71;
    JP12846.

  KHANDUR UPRISING. See

    MAYA.

  KIBBUTZ--VENTURE IN UTOPIA. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  KINDERGARTEN: TWIGS FROM A CITY TREE. Coronet Instructional Films. 22
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 18Nov70; MP21354.

  KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. See

    THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

  KINDS OF MINERALS. See

    DISCOVERING ROCKS AND MINERALS.

  KINDS OF ROCKS. See

    DISCOVERING ROCKS AND MINERALS.

  KING OF DENMARK. See.

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  KING OF UVALDE ROAD. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  A KING'S RANSOM. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  KIOWA. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  KNEADING AND CUTTING DOUGH. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice:
    1969); MP21247.

  KNOWLEDGE. See

    [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  KON-ICHIKAWA. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIAL]


                                   L

  L.A. 53. Gilbert Altschul Productions. Released by Journal Films. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.;
    29Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21596.

  A LAD IN BAGDAD. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler; Woody's
      voice, Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Aug68; LP38547.

  LADY DOCTOR. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  THE LADY IN THE CAR WITH GLASSES AND A GUN. Lira Films & Columbia
    Films. Released by Columbia Pictures. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. Based on the novel by Sebastien Japrisot.

    Credits: Producers, Raymond Dannon & Anatole Litvak; director,
      Anatole Litvak; screenplay, Richard Harris & Eleanor Perry; music
      composer & conductor, Michel Legrand; director of photography,
      Claude Renoir; editor, Peter Thornton.

    Cast: Samantha Eggar, Oliver Reed, John McEnery, Stephane Audran,
      Billy Dixon.

    © Columbia Films, S.A. & Lira Films, S.A.; 1Dec70; LP39042.

  LADY ON THE ROCKS. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  LADYBIRD BEETLE: LIFE CYCLE. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21339.

  LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 7.

  LAMINATION USING MATCHED MOLDS. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Fiber glass, no. 716) © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21296.

  LAND AND CLIMATE. See

    SEEING THE PACIFIC STATES.

  THE LAND OF ISRAEL (Filmstrip) Pathescope Educational Films, 18
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 3 kits.

    Contents: Set 1-3; Lesson 1-18: The dawn of history and the
      beginnings of Israel. 57 fr.--From the settlement of Canaan
      (1250-1200 B.C.) to the capture of Jerusalem by the crusaders
      (A.D. 1099) 52 fr.--From the crusaders (A.D. 1099) until the end
      of Turkish rule (1917) 52 fr.--From the end of World War I to the
      present time. 63 fr.--Geography. 49 fr.-- The economy and
      government of Israel. 57 fr.--Archaeology I. 48 fr.--Archaeology
      II. 47 fr.--The people of Israel. 55 fr.--Religions and culture of
      Israel. 59 fr.--Education in Israel. 48 fr.--Kibbutz--venture in
      Utopia. 52 fr.--The settlement of Israel (13th to 11th centuries
      B.C.) 44 fr.--The rise and fall of sovereign Israel (1000 to 586
      B.C.) 51 fr.--Judaism confronts Hellenism. 48 fr.--Rome and
      Jerusalem. 57 fr.--From Bar Kochba's defeat (A.D. 135) to the
      Turkish conquest (1517) 49 fr.--Israel, 3000 years of history. 57
      fr.

    Credits; Script, Shlomo Tadmor.

    © Pathescope Educational Films, Inc.; 4Feb71 (in notice: 1970);
      A220735.

  LAND OF THE GIANTS. Giants Co. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced in association with Kent Productions & Twentieth
    Century-Fox Television. © Twentieth Century-Fox Television, Inc. &
    Kent Productions, Inc.

    The crash. Based on original story by Irwin Allen. Credits:
      Producer, Irwin Allen; teleplay, Anthony Wilson. © 23Jan68;
      LP39028.

    Framed. Credits: By Mann Rubin. © 7Jun68; LP39029.

    Ghost town. Credits: Teleplay, Gil Ralston & William Welch; story,
      Anthony Wilson. © 15Jul68; LP39030.

  LANDSCAPE. See

    WATERCOLOR.

  LANGUAGE AND ITS MYSTERIES. See

    LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.

  THE LANGUAGE OF LOVE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH (Filmstrip) Centron Educational
    Films. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Language and its mysteries. 72 fr.--Languages are born,
      sometimes they die. 59 fr.--How is it that an Englishman speaks
      English? 78 fr.--What age has done to English. 69 fr.--The
      American language; or, When the King's English came to America. 67
      fr. © Centron Corp. Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13060.

  LANGUAGES ARE BORN, SOMETIMES THEY DIE. See

    LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.

  LASERS: AN INTRODUCTION. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21047.

  LASSIE. Wrather Corp. Approx. 25 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Wrather Corp.

    The blessing. © 21Dec69; LP38863.

    A chance to live. © 26Jan69; LP38855.

    The chase. © 14Dec69; LP38861.

    Chuka. Appl. ti.: Chucka. © 8Mar70; LP38846.

    The cliff. © 8Feb70; LP38845.

    Day of the wolf. © 10Nov68; LP38834.

    The deadly game. © 5Jan69; LP38850.

    Eagle's dynasty. © 3Nov68; LP38833.

    Father and son. © 2Nov69; LP38864.

    Glacier Canyon. © 17Nov68; LP38835.

    The holocaust, pt. 2. © 20Oct68; LP38837.

    Lassie and the flying squirrels. © 6Apr69; LP38860.

    Lassie and the water bottle. © 26Oct69; LP38866.

    A last chance. © 28Sep69; LP38867.

    The last frontier. © 27Oct68; LP38832.

    The moonshiners. © 13Apr69; LP38853.

    More than meets the eye. © 30Nov69; LP38869.

    A new horizon. © 8Dec68; LP38838.

    Night of the ghost. © 23Mar69; LP38858.

    No greater love. © 23Nov69; LP38871.

    No margin for error. © 19Oct69 (in notice: 1970); LP38830.

    Out of the frying pan. © 15Dec68; LP38836.

    Patsy. © 12Oct69; LP38868.

    Price of wisdom. © 16Mar69; LP38857.

    The return home. © 2Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38831.

    The road back, pt. 1. © 4Jan70; LP38840.

    The road back, pt. 2. © 11Jan70; LP38841.

    The road back, pt. 3. © 18Jan70; LP38842.

    The road back, pt. 4. © 25Jan70; LP38843.

    The sky is falling. © 16Nov69; LP38870.

    The stalker. © 9Mar69; LP38856.

    Superstition Canyon. © 28Dec69; LP38865.

    Survival. © 2Nov69; LP38862.

    The tempest, pt. 1. © 9Feb69; LP38848.

    The tempest, pt. 2. © 16Feb69; LP38849.

    Time of crisis. © 30Mar69; LP38859.

    To catch a crow. © 23Feb69; LP38854.

    Walden. © 2Mar68 (in notice: 1969); LP38829.

    Warm heart, cold nose. © 8Mar70; LP38844.

    What price valor, pt. 1. © 12Jan69; LP38851.

    What price valor, pt. 2. © 19Jan69; LP38852.

    Whitewater fury. © 1Mar70; LP38839.

    Winged rescue. © 1Feb70; LP38847.

  LASSIE AND THE FLYING SQUIRRELS. See

    LASSIE.

  LASSIE AND THE WATER BOTTLE. See

    LASSIE.

  LAST CHANCE. See

    LASSIE.

  LAST FRONTIER. See

    LASSIE.

  LAST TRAIN OVER CUMBRES, DECEMBER 1968. Sunday River Productions. 25
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday
    River Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 25Sep70; MP21141.

  LAURIE MARIE. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE LAWYERS. Universal-Public Arts Productions. Distributed by MCA-TV.
    Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with NBC-TV
    Network. © Universal-Public Arts Productions.

    Point of honor. Cast: Burl Ives, Joseph Campanella, Roger Davis,
      Veronica Cartwright, Maria Grimm. © 20Jan70; LP38530.

    The shattered image. Cast: Burl Ives, James Farentino, Will Geer,
      Tod Andrews, Karen Houston. © 10Feb70; LP38531.

  LAYOUT AND MEASUREMENT. See

    METALWORKING.

  LEARNING ABOUT ART IN MUSEUMS. See

    A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.

  LEARNING ABOUT [ENGLISH] See

    MACMILLAN ENGLISH FILMSTRIPS.

  LEARNING FOR A LIFETIME: THE ACADEMIC CLUB METHOD. Kingsbury Center.
    28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Sally L. Smith & Kingsbury Center,
    Inc.; 23Apr71; MP21497.

  LEARNING GEOGRAPHY IN MUSEUMS. See

    A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.

  LEARNING HISTORY IN MUSEUMS. See

    A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.

  LEARNING SCIENCE IN MUSEUMS. See

    A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.

  LEARNING TO GUIDE FABRIC. See

    LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE.

  LEARNING TO LEARN SERIES. See

    CLOTHING: CLOTHES ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL.

    DENTAL CARE: TEETH ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL.

  LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 24 fr., color, 35 mm. (Machine transcription,
    lesson 2) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69;
    JP13083.

  LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 4 v.

    Contents: A622-1--622-4: Basic parts and their functions. 52
      fr.--Learning to guide fabric. 62 fr.--How to thread. 70 fr.--How
      to stitch. 69 fr.

    Credits: Author, Jessie Hutton.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 31Jan71 (in notices: on
      filmstrips: 1970, on guides: 1971); A236555.

  LEGEND OF SLEEPY HOLLOW. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  THE LEGEND OF THE MAGIC KNIVES. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 21Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21278.

  LEGS: A SYSTEM OF INDIVIDUALIZED INSTRUCTION FOR NURSING EDUCATION.
    John Wiley & Sons. Made by Alderman Studios. 11 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Authors, Anne Roe & Mary Sherwood.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 30Oct70; MP21443.

  [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Lehn & Fink Products,
    division of Sterling Drug. Approx. 10 sec. each, sd., color. © Lehn
    & Fink Products, division of Sterling Drug, Inc.

    Bed. © 12Mar71; MU83OO.

    Cooking. © 12Mar71; MU8299.

    Hiding places. © 12Mar71; MU8302.

    I believe. 30 sec. © 23Apr71; MU8323.

    Locked-in smells. © 12Mar71; MU8303.

    Odor collectors. 30 sec. © 23Apr71; MU8322.

    Ten-shun. © 12Mar71; MU8301.

  LEMANS AND FIREBIRD, THE ECONOMICAL WAY UP TO SPORTINESS (Filmstrip)
    Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 18Feb71; JU12809.

  LEMON PIE FILLING. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21237.

  LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films, 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide.

    Contents: Downtown, 51 fr.--An office building. 50 fr.--A
      manufacturing area. 46 fr.--A warehouse area. 49 fr.--The
      waterfront. 52 fr.--A shopping center. 45 fr.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Ralph C. Preston; photographer,
      Burton L. Rudman.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Mar71;
      JP13210.

  THE LIBRARY CARD CATALOG SYSTEM (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College.
    40 fr., color, 35 mm. (English)

    Credits: Planned & written by Blair Ceniceros.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Mar71; JP13079.

  LIBRARY: INDEXES (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 27 fr., color,
    35 mm. (English)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Jerry La Mattery.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 15Feb70; JP12904.

  LIBRARY: INTRODUCTION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 30 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (English)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Jerry La Mattery.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 15Feb70; JP12903.

  LIFE IN A POND. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    Rev. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 13Apr50, MP306. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 9Sep70; MP21179.

  LIGHT AND DARK REACTIONS OF PHOTOSYNTHESIS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  LIGHT AND HEAT FROM ELECTRICITY. See

    ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

  LIGHT AND LASERS. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  LIGHT DUTY. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 74.

  LINCOLN EMANCIPATES THE SLAVES. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  LIQUID FLOW ON FRACTIONATION TRAYS. Fractionation Research. 18 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Filmline
    Productions. © Fractionation Research, Inc.; 3Mar71; MP21616.

  LIQUID SAMPLING. See

    BASIC INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY.

  THE LITTLE BLUEBIRD'S VALLEY. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 4Jan71; MP21349.

  THE LITTLE DOG'S ADVENTURES (A STORY TO FINISH) Coronet Instructional
    Films. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc. 4Jan71; MP21353.

  LITTLE MURDERS. Brodsky/Gould Productions. Released by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the play.

    Credits: Producer, Jack Brodsky; director, Alan Arkin; writer, Jules
      Feiffer; music, Fred Kaz; director of photography, Gordon Willis;
      film editor, Howard Kuperman.

    Cast: Elliott Gould, Marcia Rodd, Donald Sutherland, Lou Jacobi,
      Alan Arkin.

    © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. & Brodsky-Gould Productions;
      9Feb71; LP39046.

  LITTLE PREGNANCY GOES A LONG WAY. See

    THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW.

  THE LITTLE PUSHER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  LITTLE RED HEN. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

    STORIES FOR JOINING IN.

  LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  LITTLE SKEETER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Apr69; LP38543.

  LITTLE THINGS, LITTLE THINGS (Filmstrip) Marketing Dept., Bank of
    America National Trust & Savings Assn. 90 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with Training Dept., Bank of America
    National Trust & Savings Assn.

    Credits: Created, Lizardi & Witte, Inc.

    © Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn.; 20Sep70; JP12955.

  THE LIVERWORTS (Filmstrip) Carolina Biological Supply Co. 54 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Carolina Biological Supply Co.; 5Apr71; JP13026.

  LIVING IN WATER. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  LIVING ON LAND. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  LOCKED-IN SMELLS. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  LONESOME COWBOYS. Andy Warhol Films. Released by Sherpix. 110 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Director, script, photography, Andy Warhol.

    Cast: Viva, Taylor Mead, Eric Emerson, Tom Hompertz, Joe
      D'Alessandro.

    © Lonesome Cowboys, Inc.; 20Dec68; LP39041.

  THE LONG & SHORT OF IT (Fury vs. Ford) (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made
    by Ross Roy, Inc. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Dec70;
    JP12884.

  LONG RIDE HOME. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  THE LONG ROAD HOME. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  LOOK AT ALL THREE! (1971 Duster, Pinto, Vega) (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 60 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    2Dec70; JP12891.

  LOOK AT THE DIFFERENCE (1971 Demon vs. Vega) (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    29Jan71; JP12878.

  LOOKING AT ANIMALS (Filmstrip) Education Development Center. 30 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Education Development Center, Inc.; 11Jul67;
    JP12651.

  LORENZO LOTTO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Feb67; JP12934.

  LOSS PREVENTION--PLACING HOLDS. See

    HOLDS FOR UNCOLLECTED FUNDS.

  LOST SALE ANALYSIS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training
    Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 58 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    23Dec70; JP12888.

  LOTSA LUCK. Universal Pictures. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (A Walter
    Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story. Cal Howard; animators, Al
      Coe, Les Kline; music, Walter Greene; voices. Dal McKennon, Grace
      Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1May67; LP38529.

  LOVE AT HOME. Brigham Young University, Motion Picture Dept. 25 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 1Jan70 (in notice:
    1971); LP38786.

  THE LOVE GOD. Universal Pictures. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Edward J. Montagne; writer & director, Nat Hiken;
      music, Vic Muzzy; director of photography, William Margulies; film
      editor, Sam E. Waxman.

    Cast: Don Knotts, Anne Francis, Edmond O'Brien, James Gregory,
      Maureen Arthur.

    © Universal Pictures; 26Jul70 (in notice: 1969); LP38805.

  LOVE THY NEIGHBOR, IF YOU CAN'T GET HIM TO MOVE. See

    THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW. No. 34.

  A LOVE TO REMEMBER, See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  THE LOWER EXTREMITY: POSTERIOR ASPECT OF THE THIGH. Teaching Films. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films,
    Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 17Dec70; MU8280.

  LOWLAND FOREST. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  LUBRICATING BALL BEARINGS. Marshall Maintenance. 6 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 15May71; MP21589.


                                   M

  MCDONALD'S, WHERE IT'S HAPPENING! (Filmstrip) McDonald's Systems. Made
    by Jam Handy Productions. 115 fr., color, 35 mm. © McDonald's Corp.;
    16Nov70; JU12612.

  MACHINE TRANSCRIPTION. See

    LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE.

    TRANSCRIPTION FROM MACHINES THAT USE RECORDS AND TAPES.

    TRANSCRIPTION MACHINES THAT USE A BELT.

  THE MCKENZIE BREAK. Brighton Pictures. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Levy-Gardner-Laven production.
    From a novel by Sidney Shelley.

    Credits: Producers, Arthur Gardner, Jules Levy; director, Lamont
      Johnson; screenplay, William Norton; music, Riz Ortolani; director
      of photography, Michael Reed; film editor, Tom Rolf.

    Cast: Brian Keith, Helmut Griem, Ian Hendry, Jack Watson, Patrick
      O'Connell.

    © Brighton Pictures, Inc.; 28Oct70; LP38901.

  MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS. Set D (Filmstrip) Macmillan
    Co. Made by Instructional Media Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With Teacher's manual, 59 p. Contents: Molecules in motion. 48
    fr.--Planets. 45 fr.--Light and lasers. 45 fr.--Ecological systems.
    47 fr.--Animal behavior. 46 fr.--How living things change. 48 fr.
    Script by Tintern Research & Educational Enterprises. © Macmillan
    Co.; 5Oct70; A208503.

  MACMILLAN ENGLISH FILMSTRIPS (Filmstrip) Macmillan Co. Made by
    University Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's manual
    to accompany the Macmillan elementary English filmstrips, 127 p.

    Contents: Learning about language. 42 fr.--Learning about nouns. 45
      fr.--Learning about verbs. 42 fr.--Learning about adjectives and
      adverbs. 42 fr.--Learning about sentences. 45 fr.--Learning about
      changes in our language. 47 fr.

    Credits: Script & production supervisor, Walter E. Schaap.

    © Macmillan Co.; 9Mar70 (in notices on filmstrips: 1969); A153661.

  MACMILLAN SCHOOL MATHEMATICS PROGRAM. See

    ADDITION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.

    THE COMMUTATIVE PRINCIPLES.

    SUBTRACTION.

    USING A PROTRACTOR.

  MAC'S FACTORY, OR SHORTCUTS IN MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS. General
    Learning Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Elementary mathematics for teachers and students) Released in
    cooperation with National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. ©
    General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21224.

  MADIGAN. Universal Pictures. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope.
    Based on the novel The commissioner, by Richard Dougherty.

    Credits: Producer, Frank P. Rosenberg; director, Donald Siegel;
      screenplay, Henri Simoun, Abraham Polonsky; music, Don Costa;
      director of photography, Russell Metty; film editor, Milton
      Shifman.

    Cast: Richard Widmark, Henry Fonda, Inger Stevens, Harry Guardino,
      James Whitmore.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jun68; LP38827.

  THE MAGIC OF COLOR AND SHAPE (Filmstrip) United Transparencies, 37
    fr., color, 35 mm. (United transparencies for overhead projection)

    Credits: By Ann C. Perry.

    © United Transparencies, Inc.; 21Apr69; A244902.

  MAGIC TRAILS. Texaco. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    association with Film Counselors. © Texaco, Inc.; 1Jun71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21632.

  MAGNETISM FROM ELECTRICITY. See

    ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

  THE MAGNIFICENT OUTDOORS. Kikkoman International. Made by Nye
    Communications Enterprises. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Dorothy Hooker Nye. © Kikkoman International, Inc.; 25Jul70;
    MP21188.

  MAINTAINING DISCIPLINE. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  MAKE IT WORTHWHILE. See

    HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.

  MAKE-UP (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    Contents: Pt. 1. 55 fr.--Pt. 2. 50 fr.--Pt. 3. 54 fr.--Pt. 4. 48 fr.
    Appl. author: Gene S. Geeslin. © Visual Aids Studio, sole owner E.
    Gene S. Geeslin; 29Jan71; JP12842.

  MAKING A BATTERY (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    EdMediaTec, Inc.; 3Mar71; JP13071.

  MAKING A PIE SHELL. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21238.

  MAKING IT. Alfran Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. 10 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel What can you
    do?

    Credits: Producer, Albert S. Ruddy; director, John Erman;
      screenplay, Peter Bart; music, Charles Fox; director of
      photography, Richard C. Glouner; editor, Allan Jacobs.

    Cast: Kristoffer Tabori, Marlyn Mason, Bob Balaban, Lawrence
      Pressman, Louise Latham.

    © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 21Mar71; LP39040.

  MAKING SENSE OF SETS (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville,
    New York. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 50 fr.; pt. 2, 49 fr.), color, 35 mm.
    (First things: sound filmstrips for primary years. Mathematics) With
    Teacher's guide, 33 p.

    Credits: Producer, Michele Murdock; writer, Jeffrey Marlin; director
      of photography, William Hubbell; photographer, John Groothoff;
      editor, Jere Kupecky.

    © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 23Mar71; A224792.

  MAN AND HIS NATURAL ENVIRONMENT: THE CREEK. Theodore Hamm Co. Made by
    the Film Co. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Narrator, Leif Erickson.

    © Theodore Hamm Co.; 18Mar71; MP21615.

  MAN AND THE FOREST: SPECIAL FOREST PRODUCTS. Pt. 3: Decorative
    foliage. Martin Moyer Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with Forest Service, Pacific Northwest
    Region, U.S. Dept. of Agriculture.

    Credits: Collaborator, Bernard S. Douglass; narrator, Richard L.
      Hawk.

    Appl. author: Martin Moyer.

    © Martin Moyer Productions; 28May71; MP21534.

  A MAN CALLED GANNON. Universal Pictures, 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Techniscope. Based on the novel Man without a star, by Dee Linford.

    Credits: Producer, Howard Christie; director, James Goldstone;
      screenplay by Gene Kearney, Borden Chase, D. D. Beauchamp; music,
      Dave Grusin; director of photography, William Margulies; film
      editors, Gene Palmer, Richard M. Sprague.

    Cast: Tony Franciosa, Michael Sarrazin, Judi West, Susan Oliver,
      John Anderson.

    © Universal Pictures; 8Mar68; LP38880.

  MAN CALLED SMITH. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THE MAN FROM THRUSH AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E. Arena Productions. Released by
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

    The deadly quest affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner; writer,
      Robert E. Thompson. © 30Oct67; LP39010.

    The deep six affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner; writer,
      Leonard Stadd. © 25Dec67; LP39016.

    The fiery angel affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner; writer,
      John W. Bloch. © 6Nov67; LP39011.

    The Gurnius affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner; writer,
      Milton S. Gelman. © 27Nov67; LP39013.

    The hula doll affair. Credits: Producer, Boris Ingster; story,
      Sydney Field; teleplay, Stanford Sherman. © 17Feb67; LP38977.

    The J for Judas affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner; writer,
      Norman Hudis. © 25Sep67; LP39005.

    The man from Thrush affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner;
      writer, Robert I. Holt. © 4Dec67; LP39014.

    The master's touch affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner;
      writer, Boris Sobelman. © 16Oct67; LP39008.

    The maze affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner; writer, Leonard
      Stadd. © 18Dec67; LP39015.

    The Prince of Darkness affair, pt. 1. Credits: Producer, Anthony
      Spinner; writer, Dean Hargrove. © 2Oct67; LP39006.

    The Prince of Darkness affair, pt. 2. Credits: Producer, Anthony
      Spinner; writer, Dean Hargrove. © 9Oct67; LP39007.

    The summit-5 affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner; writer,
      Robert E. Thompson. © 11Sep67; LP39003.

    The survival school affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner;
      story, Don Brinkley; teleplay, Don Brinkley & Jack Turley. ©
      20Nov67; LP39012.

    The test tube killer affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner;
      writer, Jack Turley. © 18Sep67; LP39004.

    The Thrush roulette affair. Credits: Producer, Anthony Spinner;
      writer, Arthur Weingarten. © 23Oct67; LP39009.

  MAN IN HIS ENVIRONMENT. Coca-Cola Co. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Coca-Cola Co.; 15Sep70; MP21582.

  MAN IN HIS ENVIRONMENT. See

    A QUECHUA VILLAGE IN PERU.

    A SHIPIBO VILLAGE ON THE UPPER AMAZON.

  MAN IS MORE THAN AN ANIMAL. See

    WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.

  MAN OF THE PEOPLE. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE MAN WHO PLANTED GOLD IN CALIFORNIA. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  MAN WITHOUT A STAR. See

    A MAN CALLED GANNON.

  MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION AND JOB DESCRIPTIONS. American Management
    Assn. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to improve individual manager
    performance) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 6Aug69: MP21509.

  THE MANAGER: HEARTBEAT OF AMERICAN INDUSTRY. Fox & Associates. 8 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Industry week film report) Appl. author: Aaron
    S. Fox. © Fox & Associates, Inc.; 27Jan71; MP21482.

  MAN'S THUMB ON NATURE'S BALANCE. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Presented by NBC News.

    Credits: Producer & director, Robert Northshield; writers. Jack
      Perkins, Robert Northshield; researcher, Marion L. Swaybill;
      reporter, Jack Perkins; film by Henry Kokojan, Si Avnet; film
      editor, Russell T. Moore.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 21Jan71; MP21440.

  MANUFACTURING AREA. See

    LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY.

  MAP FILMSTRIP PROGRAM. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  THE MARGUERITE PIAZZA STORY. American Cancer Society. 30 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Trio production. © American Cancer Society, Inc.;
    5Feb71; MP21274.

  MARINE BIOLOGY: CORAL ATOLL ORIGIN AND DEVELOPMENT. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  MARITAL FULFILLMENT. Scorpio Productions. Released by All-Film
    Enterprises. 65 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Beverly Ann
    Cawthorne Sebastian. © Scorpio Productions; 24Mar70; LP38965.

  MAROONED. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  MARRIAGE AND FAMILY. See

    DISCIPLINING CHILDREN CAN BE A PROBLEM.

    DO YOU WANT TO BE A GOOD PARENT.

    ECONOMIC ASPECTS OF FAMILY LIVING.

    THE EFFECT OF SOCIAL AND CULTURAL FORCES ON FAMILY LIFE.

    THE FAMILY IN TIME OF TROUBLE.

    THE IMPORTANCE OF HEREDITY AND EUGENICS IN FAMILY LIFE.

    SELF-UNDERSTANDING.

    STRENGTHENING AND IMPROVING MARRIAGE AND FAMILY LIFE.

    UNDERSTANDING THE FAMILY LIFE CYCLE.

  MARRIED WE CAN ALWAYS GET. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  MARSH. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  MARSHES. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  MARVIN'S MANHOLE. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  MASACCIO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Mar67; JP12953.

  MASOLINO DA PANICALE (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 13
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Feb67; JP12925.

  MASS MEDIA: THEIR ROLE IN A DEMOCRACY (Filmstrip) New York Times Co.
    72 fr., b&w, 35 mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Jan. 1971) With
    Discussion manual, 1 v. © New York Times Co.; 4Jan71; A205526.

  MASS SPECTROMETRY. John Wiley & Sons. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Communications Group West production. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
    15Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21578.

  MASTER CYLINDER SERVICE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 30 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, F-4A) Planned & written by
    Sheldon Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    15Dec69; JP12818.

  MASTER TECHNICIANS SERVICE CONFERENCE, SESSION. See

    FUELS, LUBRICANTS & FLUIDS.

    SAFETY'S NO ACCIDENT.

  MASTER'S TOUCH AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  MATH. See

    FIRST DEGREE EQUATIONS.

  MATHEMATICS. Level V (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 12
    Filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 748-759. Numeration. 50
    fr.--Operations and their properties. 46 fr.--Estimation. 43
    fr.--Factors and primes. 45 fr.--Geometry I. 45 fr.--Equations and
    inequalities. 42 fr.--Graphing. 45 fr.--Geometry II. 42.--Fractions.
    50 fr.--Rational numbers. 46 fr.--Addition and subtraction of
    rational numbers. 45 fr.--Decimals. 44 fr. By Donovan R. Lichtenberg
    & Charles W. Engel. Appl. ti.: Modern math, level V. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 1Oct69; JP12768.

  MATHEMATICS. See

    MAKING SENSE OF SETS.

  MATTER AND THE MOLECULAR THEORY. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21045.

  A MATTER OF CONSCIENCE. QED Productions. Made by Cathedral Films. 28
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 30Oct70; MP21101.

  MATTER OF HONOR. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  A MATTER OF INNOCENCE. Universal Pictures. 102 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Techniscope. From the story by Noel Coward.

    Credits: Producers, George W. George, Frank Granat; director, Guy
      Green; screenplay, Keith Waterhouse, Willis Hall; music composer &
      conductor, Michael Legrand; director of photography, Arthur
      Ibbetson; editor, Frank Clark.

    Cast: Hayley Mills, Trevor Howard, Shashi Kapoor, Brenda de Banzie,
      Dick Patterson.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 2Mar67; LP38774.

  MAUDIE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  MAY SWENSON, MINI-LESSON. See

    POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA.

  MAYA. King Bros. Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
    Television. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with
    NBC-TV Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

    The Allapur conspiracy. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      writer, Mort R. Lewis. © 23Sep67; LP38993.

    Blood of the tiger. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      writer, Stirling Silliphant. © 16Sep67; LP38992.

    A bus for Ramabad. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King; writer,
      Howard Merrill. © 25Nov67; LP39000.

    Caper of the golden roe. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      writer, Stirling Silliphant. © 14Oct67; LP38995.

    The demon of Kalanemi. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      writer, Edwin Blum. © 4Nov67; LP38998.

    The Khandur uprising. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      writers, Norman Katkov & Paul Franklin; rewriter, Rik Vollaerts. ©
      18Nov67; LP38999.

    Natira. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King; writer, Kay
      Lenard. © 23Dec67; LP39002.

    The root of evil. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King; writer,
      Paul Franklin. © 2Dec67; LP39001.

    Tiger boy. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King; teleplay,
      Maxwell Shane; story, Edwin Blum & Mel Levy. © 7Oct67; LP38994.

    Twilight of empire. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      writer, Richard Collins. © 21Oct67; LP38996.

    Will the real prince please get lost. Credits: Producers, Frank &
      Maurice King; writer, Peter Berneis. © 28Oct67; LP38997.

  MAYFLIES. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21338.

  MAZE AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  ME, NATALIE. Nob Hill Productions & Cinema Center Films. Released by
    National General Pictures. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From a story
    by Stanley Shapiro.

    Credits: Producer, Stanley Shapiro; director, Fred Cow; screenplay,
      A. Martin Zweiback; original music, Henry Mancini; lyrics, Rod
      McKuen; director of photography, Arthur J. Ornitz; film editor,
      Sheila Bakerman.

    Cast: Patty Duke, James Farentino, Martin Balsam, Elsa Lanchester,
      Salome Jens.

    © Cinema Center Films; 6Jun69; LP39149.

  MEASUREMENT. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver Burdett Co.,
    a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 27
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for teachers and
    students) Presented in cooperation with National Council of Teachers
    of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning Corp., employer for
    hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21069.

  MEASURING TECHNIQUES. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice:
    1969); MP21245.

  MEASURING TECHNIQUES. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21424.

  MEAT AND POULTRY. See

    FOODS WE EAT.

  MECHANICAL ... HAM SKINNING AND DEFATTING, TOWNSEND NO. 412. See

    MECHANICAL SKINNING OF PORK PRIMAL CUTS.

  MECHANICAL MEMBRANE REMOVAL, TOWNSEND NO. 66A. Iowa State University.
    Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 4 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    7Oct70; MP21159.

  MECHANICAL SKINNING OF PORK PRIMAL CUTS. Iowa State University. Made
    by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 3 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. Appl. ti.:
    Mechanical ... ham skinning and defatting, Townsend no. 412. © Iowa
    State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
    Technology; 7Oct70; MP21153.

  THE MECHANICS OF USER PROCESSING OF BLACK AND WHITE REVERSAL FILM.
    Jaxon-Bauer. 21 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author: Christopher
    Leggo. © Jaxon-Bauer; 16Nov70; MP21365.

  MEDICAL. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  MEDICAL POTENTIAL OF LASERS. Upjohn Co. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (The Upjohn vanguard of Medicine) © Upjohn Co.; 16Feb71; LP38787.

  MEDIEVAL MOOD. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21550.

  THE MEDIUM DUTY UNISTRUT CABLE TRAY SYSTEMS (Filmstrip) Cable Tray
    Division, Unistrut Corp. Made by Jam Handy Productions, div. of
    T.T.P. Corp. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. © Unistrut Corp., Cable Tray
    Division; 8Feb71; JU12796.

  MEET SMOKEY BEAR. See

    SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY.

  MEMOIRE ET RAPPORT SUR VICTOR DE L'AVEYRON. See

    L'ENFANT SAUVAGE.

  MESSAGES FROM FIRST CENTURY CHRISTIANS (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 43
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Broadman Films; 1Jun71; JP13205.

  METALWORKING (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 4 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products) With Teacher's
    guide and reading scripts, 4 v. Produced in cooperation with
    Instructional Dynamics.

    Contents: A639-1--639-4: Layout and measurement. 70 fr.--Shaping and
      fastening. 66 fr.--Drilling, tapping and threading. 50
      fr.--Cutting. 67 fr.

    Credits: Coordinator, Phillip Lewis.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 30Dec70; A236145.

  MEXICO, A CHANGING LAND. Alfred Higgins Productions. 21 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions; 13Nov70; MP21211.

  MEXICO, 12000 YEARS OF HISTORY. Fred Ward Productions. 23 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Fred Ward. © Fred Ward Productions,
    Inc.; 23Dec70; MP21210.

  MEXICO: 12,000 YEARS OF HISTORY (Filmstrip) National Endowment for the
    Humanities. Made by Educational Systems Corp. 159 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, director & writer, Fred Ward.

    © Fred Ward Productions, Inc.; 22Feb71 (in notice: 1970); JP12999.

  MEZCLA MAN. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  MICROELECTRODES IN MUSCLE. John Wiley & Sons. 19 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. A Transcription Centre production. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc. (in
    notice: John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.); 23Dec70; MP21577.

  THE MIDWEST. David A. Hanson. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © David
    Hanson; 31Dec70; MP21207.

  THE MILLION DOLLAR DUCK. Walt Disney Productions. 91 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Based on a story by Ted Key.

    Credits: Producer, Bill Anderson; director, Vincent McEveety;
      screenplay, Roswell Rogers; music, Buddy Baker; director of
      photography, William Snyder; film editor, Lloyd L. Richardson.

    © Walt Disney Productions; 13May71; LP39039.

  MILLION MANFRED MYSTERY. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  MIME OVER MATTER. Sim Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Morton Schindel. © Sim Productions, Inc.; 28Dec70; LP38777.

  MINIBIKES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Pub. Corp. 32 fr.; color, 35 mm. With
    guide, 32 p.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar Pub. Corp., solely owned by Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71
      (in notices: on booklet: 1970, on filmstrip: 1971); A224992.

  MINIBIKES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71; JP12873.

  MIRACLE OF SURVIVAL, AGAINST ALL ODDS. East Coast Productions. 85
    min., sd., b&w, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Larry Frisch; presented by Joseph Josephson;
      narrator, Steven Hill.

    Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: compilation, revision &
      addition.

    © East Coast Productions, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21268.

  MISSING HYPE. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  MISSING MAIL MYSTERY. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  MISSING PERSONS. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  MISSISSIPPI MERMAID. Films du Carrosse, Productions Artistes Associes
    & Produzioni Associate Delplios. Released by Lopert Pictures Corp.
    110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Dyaliscope. Based on a novel by William
    Irish.

    Credits: Director & screenplay, Francois Truffaut; music, Antoine
      Duhamel; director of photography, Denys Clerval; film editor,
      Agnes Guillemot.

    Cast: Jean-Paul Belmondo, Catherine Deneuve, Michel Bouquet, Nelly
      Borgeaud.

    © Films du Carrosse; 10Apr70 (in notice: 1969); LP38882.

  MISTER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  MR. OSAKI'S TREE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  MRS. POLLIFAX, SPY. United Artists Corp. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Based upon the book The unexpected Mrs. Pollifax, by Dorothy Gilman.

    Credits: Producer, Frederick Brisson; director, Leslie Martinson;
      screenplay, C. A. McKnight; music composer & conductor, Lalo
      Schifrin; cameraman, Joe Biroc; film editor, Stefan Arnsten.

    Cast: Rosalind Russell, Darren McGavin, Nehemiah Persoff, Harold
      Gould, Albert Paulsen.

    © Meteor Films, Inc.; 9Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP39152.

  MODALES SON IMPORTANTES. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT 1]

  MODERN FOIL TECHNIQUES SERIES. Bill Snyder Films. 50 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. © Bill Snyder Films; 30Nov70; MP21106.

  MODERN MATH, LEVEL V. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2 (Filmstrip) Educational Concepts. 10
    filmstrips on 1 roll, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Program 1-A--1-B, 2-A--2-B, 3-A--3-B, 4-A--4-B, 5-A--5-B:
      Definition of sets. 52 fr.--Equivalent and non-equivalent sets. 31
      fr.--Number property of sets. 28 fr.--Union of sets. 30 fr.--The
      number line for addition. 30 fr.--Taking sets apart. 30
      fr.--Number system, equalities and inequalities. 32 fr.--Open
      sentence and place holders. 30 fr.--Commutative property of
      addition. 29 fr.--Associative property of addition. 32 fr.

    © Educational Concepts, Inc.; 30Dec70; JP13211.

  MODERN OBSTETRICS: POSTPARTUM HEMORRHAGE. Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp.
    Made by Wexler Film Productions. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ortho
    Pharmaceutical Corp.; 20Apr70; MP21368.

  MODES AND EXAMPLES OF ASEXUAL REPRODUCTION. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  MOLD MAKING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm, Loop film.
    (Silicone rubber, no. 717) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21294.

  MOLDING. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    (Polystyrene beads, no. 720) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21291.

  MOLDING. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    (Polyurethane foam, no. 721) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21290.

  MOLECULES IN MOTION. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  MONEY TREE. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  THE MONKEY AND THE ORGAN GRINDER. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 19Feb71; MP21564.

  MOODS FROM NATURE: HOPE AND DESPAIR. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21547.

  MOODS FROM NATURE: TRANQUILITY. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21546.

  MOODS OF EARTH. See

    HAIKU: A PHOTOGRAPHIC INTERPRETATION.

  MOON OVER MANFRED. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  MOONSHINERS. See

    LASSIE.

  MORE MONEY--LESS TIME (Filmstrip) Audiovisual Service, Boy Scouts of
    America. 34 fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 31Dec70;
    JP12848.

  MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE. See

    LASSIE.

  A MORE THAN PRIVATE AFFAIR. See

    WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.

  MORGAN. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  MOSQUITO: LIFE CYCLE. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21337.

  MOTHER GOOSE SONGS. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (22 fr. each), color, 35 mm. With filmstrip guide, 17 p. Appl.
    authors: Lucille Wood & Beth Clure. NM: compilation & illus. ©
    Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 27Jan71; A212917.

  MOTHER WORKS HARD, TOO. See

    OUR FAMILY IS BLACK.

  MOTHERS AND TODDLERS: HUMANIZING THE GROWTH EXPERIENCE. Journal Films.
    17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author: David Altschul. © Journal
    Films, Inc.; 6Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21594.

  THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW. Desi Arnaz Productions. [Canada] Released by
    United Artists Television. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Desi Arnaz Productions, Inc.

    No.

    34. Love thy neighbor, if you can't get him to move. Credits:
      Producer & director, Elliott Lewis; writers, Fred S. Fox & Seaman
      Jacobs. Cast: Eve Arden, Kaye Ballard, Herbert Rudley, Richard
      Deacon, Jerry Fogel. © 2Oct68; LP38973.

    35. A little pregnancy goes a long way. Credits: Producer &
      director, Elliott Lewis; writers, Madelyn David & Bob Carroll, Jr.
      Cast: Eve Arden, Kaye Ballard, Herbert Rudley, Richard Deacon,
      Jerry Fogel. © 25Sep68; LP38972.

  MOTORCYCLE RACING (Filmstrip) Bowmar Pub. Corp. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With guide, 32 p.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar Pub. Corp., solely owned by Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71
      (in notices: on booklet: 1970, on filmstrip: 1971); A224989.

  MOTORCYCLE RACING (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71; JP12870.

  MOUSE IN THE HOUSE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Beary Family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline, Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford, Paul
      Frees.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Apr67; LP38897.

  MOVEMENT OF WATER. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Osmosis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21416.

  MOVIES--OUR MODERN ART. See

    HIS MAJESTY, THE SCARECROW OF OZ.

  THE MUD FLAT ENVIRONMENT. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21319.

  MUD SQUAD. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 28Apr71; LP39170.

  MUFFINS, McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21243.

  MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION WITH DECIMALS. General Learning Corp. Made
    by Davidson Films. 36 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary
    mathematics for teachers and students) Released in cooperation with
    National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. © General Learning
    Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21222.

  MULTIPLICATION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed
    by Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21066.

  MULTIPLYING WITH DECIMALS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21087.

  MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS. General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Released in cooperation with National Council
    of Teachers of Mathematics. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70;
    MP21223.

  MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS: DISTRIBUTIVITY. General Learning Corp.
    Made by Davidson Films. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary
    mathematics for teachers and students) Released in cooperation with
    National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. © General Learning
    Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21225.

  MUMSY, NANNY, SONNY & GIRLY. Brigitte Films. Released by Cinerama
    Releasing Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Fitzroy-Francis Films
    production. Based on the play by Masie Mosco.

    Credits: Producer, Ronald J. Kahn; director, Freddie Francis;
      screenplay, Brian Comport; music composer, arranger & conductor,
      Bernard Ebbinghouse; director of photography, David Muir; camera
      operator, Moray Grant; editor, Tristam Cones.

    Cast: Vanessa Howard, Michael Bryant, Ursula Howells, Pat Heywood,
      Howard Trevor.

    © Brigitte Films, Ltd.; 12Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38514.

  MUSCLE SPINDLE. John Wiley & Sons. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Transcription Centre production. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc. (in
    notice: John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.); 23Dec70; MP21576.

  A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide, 1 v.

    Contents: Introduction to museums. 51 fr.--Learning science in
      museums. 57 fr.--Learning about art in museums. 52 fr.--Learning
      history in museums. 52 fr.--Learning geography in museums. 52
      fr.--Small museums and restorations. 58 fr.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Edward Dubrowsky.

    © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 15Nov69; A216917.

  THE MUSIC LOVERS. Russfilms. Released by United Artists Corp. 122
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the book Beloved
    friend, by Catherine Drinker Bowen & Barbara Von Meck.

    Credits: Producer & director, Ken Russell; screenplay, Melvyn Bragg;
      music conductor, Andre Previn; director of photography, Douglas
      Slocombe; editor, Michael Bradsell.

    © Russfilms, Ltd.; 24Jan7l (in notice: 1970); LP39027.

  MUSIC OF THE ERA. See

    PATHWAYS TO MUSIC.

  MUSICAL ADVENTURES (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products)
    With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 4 v.

    Contents: A683-1--683-4: Wolfgang Mozart plays for the King and
      Queen. 55 fr.--George Handel and his spinet. 58 fr.--The old lady
      who lived in a vinegar bottle. 45 fr.--When Mr. Terrapin went
      riding in the clouds. 40 fr.

    Credits: Author, Adeline McCall; illustrator, Charles McBarron.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 18Sep70; A236149.

  MY DAUGHTER, PENNY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  MY LIFE. See

    ISADORA.

  MY SECRET LIFE. Tonylyn Productions. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
    on the book pub. by Grove Press. Produced in association with New
    Cinema of Canada.

    Credits: Producer, Jack H. Harris; director, Leland R. Thomas;
      writer, John Hofsess.

    Cast: Jack Woods, Cheryl Smith, C. Edd Fenner, Judy Klusmeyer.

    © Tonylyn Productions, Inc.; 15Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP38902.

  MY THREE SONS. Don Fedderson Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Mac-Fedd Co. © Columbia Broadcasting
    System, Inc.

    The baby nurse. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr. Cast:
      Fred MacMurry, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley Livingston,
      Barry Livingston. © 19Oct68; LP38516.


                                   N

  NBC WHITE PAPER ON YOUTH AND DRUGS. See

    TRIP TO NOWHERE.

  NBC WORLD PREMIERE MOVIE. See

    THE GOOD LIFE.

    INSIDE O.U.T.

    IS THERE A DOCTOR IN THE HOUSE.

  NAIFA. Jymie Productions. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Jymie
    Productions, Inc. & James M. Mannas, Jr.; 22Jan71; MU8262.

  THE NAME OF THE GAME. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by
    MCA-TV Approx. 80 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the
    NBC-TV Network. © Universal City Studios.

    Blind man's bluff. Credits: Producer, Norman Lloyd; director, James
      Nielson; writer, Henry Slesar. Cast: Tony Franciosa, Susan Saint
      James, Jack Klugman, Coleen Gray, Michele Carey. © 29Sep69;
      LP39136.

    Brass ring. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Barry
      Shear; writer, Barry Oringer. Cast: Robert Stack, Ben Murphy,
      Lazaro Perez, Van Johnson, Celeste Holm. © 5Jan70; LP39109.

    Chains of command. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director,
      Robert Day; writer, Carol Sobieski. Cast: Dorothy Lamour, Pernell
      Roberts, Sidney Blackmer, Robert Stack, Jay C. Flippen. © 13Oct69;
      LP39138.

    The civilized men. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Don
      McDougal; writer, John Furia, Jr. Cast: Robert Stack, Jill St.
      John, Jack Kelly, Rod Cameron, Phil Philbrin. © 24Nov69; LP39143.

    Echo of a nightmare. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director,
      John Newland; writer, Don Brinkley. Cast: Robert Stack, Ricardo
      Montalban, Hoagy Carmichael, Tom Drake, Arthur Hill. © 16Mar70;
      LP39117.

    The emissary. Credits: Director, John Moxey; writers, Margaret Arem
      & Dean Hargrove. Cast: Gene Barry, Susan Saint James, Craig
      Stevens, Charles Boyer, Natasha Parry. © 6Oct69; LP39137.

    The garden. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Seymour
      Robbie; teleplay, Charles A. McDaniel. Cast: Robert Stack, Richard
      Kiley, Brenda Scott, Ann Francis, Madeline Sherwood. © 26Jan70;
      LP39112.

    Give till it hurts. Credits: producer, George Eckstein; director,
      Marc Daniels; writers, William D. Gordon & Walter Brough. Cast:
      Robert Stack, Ben Murphy, Mark Miller, Phyllis Kirk, Larry Storch.
      Appl. ti.; Give until it hurts. © 27Oct69; LP39140.

    Goodbye Harry. Credits: Producer & writer, Gene Coon; director,
      Barry Shear. Cast: Gene Barry, Susan Saint James, Darren McGavin;
      James Whitmore, Dane Clark. © 20Oct69; LP39139.

    A hard case of the blues. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein;
      director, Barry Shear; writer, Philip Deguere, Jr. Cast: Robert
      Stack, Keenan Wynn, Sal Mineo, Sharon Farrell, Michael Anderson,
      Jr. Appl. ti.: A hard case of blues. © 22Sep69; LP39135.

    High card. Credits: producer, Dean Hargrove; director, Sutton Roley;
      writers, Dean Hargrove, Herman Groves & Mitchell Linderman. Cast:
      Gene Barry, Gene Raymond, Barry Sullivan, Susan Saint James,
      Martine Beswick. © 1Dec69; LP39144.

    Island of gold and precious stones. Credits: Producer, Norman Lloyd;
      director, John Newland; writer, Anthony Skene. Cast: Tony
      Franciosa, Susan St. James, Lee Meriwether, Hazel Court, Yvonne
      DeCarlo. © 12Jan70; LP39110.

    Jenny Wilde is drowning. Credits: Producer & director, Boris Sagal;
      writer, Henry Slesar & Stanford Whitmore. Cast: Tony Franciosa,
      Frank Gorshin, Susan Saint James, Pamela Franklin. © 23Mar70;
      LP39118

    King of Denmark. Credits: Producer, Norman Lloyd; director, Leo
      Penn; writer, Anthony Skene. Cast: Tony Franciosa, Susan Saint
      James, Joseph Cotten, Margaret Leighton, Noel Harrison. © 16Feb70;
      LP39114.

    Lady on the rocks. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director, John
      Moxey; writers, Robert & Phyllis White. Cast: Gene Barry, Susan
      Saint James, Janice Rule, Laurence Naismith, Nigel Davenport. ©
      15Sep69; LP39134.

    Laurie Marie. Credits: Producer, Norman Lloyd; director, Harvey
      Hart; teleplay, Henry Slesar & David P. Harmon, based on a story
      by Henry Slesar. Cast: Tony Franciosa, Susan St. James, Mark
      Richman, John Kerr, Antoinette Bower. © 15Dec69; LP39146.

    Man of the people. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director,
      Jeffrey Hayden; story, Steven & Eleanor Karpf; teleplay, Richard
      Bluel & Dean Hargrove. Cast: Vera Miles, Fernando Lamas, Gene
      Barry, Robert Alda, Gary Burghoff. © 2Mar70; LP39116.

    One of the girls in research. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove;
      writer, Marion & Dean Hargrove. Cast; Gene Barry, Brenda Vaccaro,
      Will Geer, George Chandler, Mark Miller. © 30Mar70; LP39119.

    The other kind of spy. Credits: producer & director, Boris Sagal;
      writer, Chester Krumholz. Cast: Tony Franciosa, Leslie Nielsen,
      Joseph Campanella, Jeanette Nolan, Ed Begley. © 6Apr70; LP39120.

    The perfect image. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director,
      Sutton Roley; story, Anthony Spinner, teleplay, David Harmon.
      Cast; Gene Barry, Susan St. James, Diana Hyland, Hal Holbrook, Clu
      Gulager. © 3Nov69; LP39141.

    The power. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Lawrence
      Dobkin; writer, Arthur Weingarten. Cast: Robert Stack, Ben Murphy,
      William Conrad, Broderick Crawford, John Ireland. © 8Dec69;
      LP39145.

    The prisoner within. Credits: Producer, Norman Lloyd; director,
      Oscar Rudolph; writer, Richard Landau. Cast: Tony Franciosa, Steve
      Forrest, Ron Hayes, Richard Van Fleet, George Murdock. © 10Nov69;
      LP39142.

    The skin game. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Bill
      Conrad; writer Barry Oringer. Cast: Robert Stack, Hari Rhodes,
      Suzanne Pleshette, Rossano Brazzi, Charles Drake. © 23Feb70;
      LP39115.

    The takeover. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director, Herbert
      Kenworth; story, John McGreevey, teleplay, John McGreevy &
      Ernestine Barton. Cast: Gene Barry, Anne Baxter, David Sheiner, H.
      M. Wynant, Warren Stevens. © 19Jan70; LP39111.

    Tarot. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director, Nicholas
      Colasanto; writer, Dick Nelson; story, Blake Lund & Phil Hargrove.
      Cast: Gene Barry, Carol Booth, Jose Ferrer, David Carradine,
      William Shatner. © 9Feb70; LP39113.

    The tradition. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director, John
      Moxey; writers, Dean Hargrove & Tim Kelly. Cast: Gene Barry, Ina
      Balin, Niko Minardos. © 29Dec70; LP39147.

  A NAME'S NOT ENOUGH (1971 Barracuda vs. Mustang) (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    29Dec70; JP12883.

  NARCO--MISSING HYPE. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  NARCO--PILLMAKER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES.

  NATIONAL ANTHEM. Jay C. Kaye. 2 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Jay C.
    Kaye; 14Jan71; MU8266.

  THE NATIONAL FLOWER OF BROOKLYN. Xanadu Productions. 11 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in association with American Film Institute.
    NM: compilation & additions. © American Film Institute; 15Dec69 (in
    notice: 1968); MP21275.

  NATIONAL RECORD CLUB CONVENTION (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division.
    102 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. ©
    Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12782.

  THE NATION'S BUILDERS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  NATIRA. See

    MAYA.

  NATURAL RESOURCES. See

    SEEING THE PACIFIC STATES.

  NATURE IN THE CITY. Reinald Werrenrath, Jr. Distributed by Journal
    Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Elizabeth I.
    Werrenrath. © Reinald Werrenrath, Jr.; 15Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
    MP21289.

  THE NATURE OF CURRENT ELECTRICITY (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 33 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Edwin Shapiro; 15Jun70; JP13177.

  THE NATURE OF HEAT AND TEMPERATURE (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 34 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Edwin Shapiro; 15Jun70; JP13179.

  THE NATURE OF LIGHT (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Edwin Shapiro; 15Jun70; JP13175.

  THE NATURE OF MAGNETISM (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 34 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Edwin Shapiro; 15Jun70; JP13178.

  THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: FORMING HYPOTHESES. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21046.

  THE NATURE OF SOUND (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Edwin Shapiro; 15Jun70; JP13174.

  THE NATURE OF STATIC ELECTRICITY (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 37 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Edwin Shapiro; 15Jun70; JP13176.

  NAUGHTY NURSE. Hacienda-Tropicana-Madness. 9 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. ©
    Paul Bartel; 16Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38903.

  THE NAUTICAL NUT. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Sid Marcus; animators, Les
      Kline, Al Coe; music, Clarence Wheeler; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Mar67; LP38896.

  NEGATIVE RATIONALS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver
    Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson
    Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for
    teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21070.

  NEGRO HEROES FROM AMERICAN HISTORY. Atlantis Productions. 11 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Simons. © Atlantis
    Productions, Inc.; 5Jul66; MP21543.

  NEGRO KINGDOMS OF AFRICA'S GOLDEN AGE. Atlantis Productions. 17 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, John Simons.

    © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 1Mar68; MP21545.

  NEREIS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color. Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21324.

  NERVES AND NERVOUS SYSTEMS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  NEVER BUG AN ANT. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 15Jun69; LP39021.

  NEW ACCOUNTS CLERK. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  A NEW CONCEPT IN SIGN SUPPORT SYSTEMS (Filmstrip) Telespar Division,
    Unistrut Corp. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy
    Productions, div. of T.T.P. Corp. © Telespar Division, Unistrut
    Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12794.

  NEW DOG. See

    [WAYNE DOG FOOD TELEVISION COMMERCIAL]

  NEW HORIZON. See

    LASSIE.

  A NEW LEAF. Aries Films & Elkins Productions International Corp.
    Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Howard W. Koch-Hillard Elkins production. Based on Jack Ritchie's
    short story, The green leaf.

    Credits: Producer, Joe Manduke; director & writer, Elaine May;
      cinematographer, Gayne Rescher; film editor, Ed Beyer.

    Cast: Walter Matthau, Elaine May, Jack Weston, George Rose, William
      Redfield.

    © Paramount Pictures Corp., Aries Films, Inc. & Elkins Productions
      International Corp.; 31Dec70; LP38928.

  NEW ORLEANS, LOUISIANA. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 6.

  NEW ORLEANS: MARKETING COMMUNITY. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  A NEW TWIST. Westinghouse Electric Corp. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, division of T.T.P. Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Westinghouse Electric Corp.; 8Feb71; MU8311.

  NIAGARA FRONTIER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Universal Pictures; 1Mar68; LP38534.

  NIGHT DR. LOVELESS DIED. See

    THE WILD, WILD WEST.

  THE NIGHT OF THE FOLLOWING DAY. Universal Pictures, Ltd. Released by
    Universal Pictures. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Gina Production.
    Based on the novel The Snatchers, by Lionel White.

    Credits: Producer & director, Hubert Cornfield; screenplay, Hubert
      Cornfield, Robert Phippeny; music, Stanley Meyers; director of
      photography, Willi Kurant; film editor, Gordon Pilkington.

    Cast: Marlon Brando, Richard Boone, Rita Moreno, Pamela Franklin,
      Jess Hahn.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 29Mar68; LP38878.

  NIGHT OF THE GHOST. See

    LASSIE.

  NIGHT PEOPLE'S DAY. FilmFair Communications & Trend Films. 11 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 26Mar71; MP21453.

  NIGHT SCHOOL. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  NIGHTINGALE. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  NIGHTMARE. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  NIGHTS OF CABIRIA. See

    SWEET CHARITY.

  $9,000. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  THE NINETEEN FRIENDS OF ROBBIE MCKNEE (Filmstrip) Graded Press. Made
    by Division of Curriculum Resources, General Board of Education,
    United Methodist Church. 78 fr., color, 35 mm. With Leader's guide &
    Reading script, 26 p. Produced through Trafco. Guide by Ellamarie
    Parkison; written by Herschel Pollard; photography by Wayne Smith. ©
    Graded Press; 31Dec70; A209762.

  1950-1955. See

    HISTORY AS THE NEWS CAMERA SAW IT.

  1955-1960. See

    HISTORY AS THE NEWS CAMERA SAW IT.

  1960-1965. See

    HISTORY AS THE NEWS CAMERA SAW IT.

  1965-1970. See

    HISTORY AS THE NEWS CAMERA SAW IT.

  1967 ENGLISH SUPPLEMENT (Filmstrip) United Transparencies. 53 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (United Transparencies for overhead projection)

    Credits: By Richard A. Sofranko.

    © United Transparencies, Inc.; 30Dec67; A244903.

  1970 PORSCHE DOES IT! Porsche Audi, a division of Volkswagen of
    America. Released by Marathon International Productions. 37 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Porsche Audi, a division of Volkswagen of
    America; 25Apr71; MP21530.

  1971 BARRACUDA VS. MUSTANG. See

    A NAME'S NOT ENOUGH.

  1971 CHARGER VS. TORINO 500 AND CHEVELLE MALIBU (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    29Jan71: JP12876.

  1971 CHRYSLER COMING THROUGH FOR YOU VS BUICK & OLDSMOBILE. See

    THE WINNING HAND.

  [1971 CORONET VS. MALIBU & TORINO BROUGHAM] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 72 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    11Mar71; JP13022.

  1971 CRICKET FEATURES. See

    CRICKET.

  [1971 DART SWINGER VS. NOVA] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 64 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 11Mar71; JP13020.

  1971 DEMON VS. VEGA. See

    LOOK AT THE DIFFERENCE.

  1971 DODGE & CHEVROLET LIGHT-DUTY TRUCKS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. 82
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.;
    29Jan71; JP12880.

  1971 DODGE VS. FORD LIGHT-DUTY TRUCKS. See

    A DODGE TRUCK COMPARADRAMA.

  1971 DUSTER, PINTO, VEGA. See

    LOOK AT ALL THREE.

  1971 DUSTER VS. MAVERICK, WHAT FITS YOU BEST (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 60 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    29Dec70; JP12887.

  [1971 DUSTER VS. NOVA] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
    Inc. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Jan71; JP12959.

  1971 FURY VS. CHEVROLET. See

    THE VALUE LEADER.

  1971 SATELLITE VS. TORINO (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
    Inc. 62 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 2Dec70; JP12890.

  NO BLADE OF GRASS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. From the novel by John Christopher.

    Credits: Producer & director, Cornel Wilde; screenplay, Sean
      Forestal, Jefferson Pascal; music arranger & conductor, Burnell
      Whibley; director of photography, H. A. R. Thomson; camera
      operator, Walter Byatt; editors, Frank Clarke, Eric Boyd-Perkins.

    Cast: Nigel Davenport, Jean Wallace, Anthony May, Wendy Richard,
      John Hamill.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 14Dec70; LP38521.

  NO BLUE SKIES. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  NO DEPOSIT, NO RETURN. Consumers Power Co. Made by Portafilms. 28
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Consumers Power Co.; 25Feb71; MP21466.

  NO GREATER LOVE. See

    LASSIE.

  NO MARGIN FOR ERROR. See

    LASSIE.

  NO MIRACLE BUT LOVE. National Broadcasting Co. 29 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Producer, Doris Ann; director & photographer, Joseph
      Vadala; writer, Philip Scharper; narrator, Norman Rose; music
      supervisor, Robert Geissinger; editor, John Teeple.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 6Jan71; MP21539.

  NO UNCLE IS AN ISLAND. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  NO WAR FOR THE WARRIOR. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  NORMAN THE DOORMAN, Weston Woods Studios. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    From the book by Don Freeman.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel; director, Cynthia Freitag; music
      composer, Josef Ceremuga; narrator, Owen Jordan.

    © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Apr71; LP39037.

  NORTH AMERICA CLOUD PATTERNS I-II. Thorne Films. 2 motion pictures (5
    min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21554-21555.

  NORTHERN HEMISPHERE CLOUD PATTERNS I-II. Thorne Films. 2 motion
    pictures (5 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne
    Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21552-21553.

  NOSFERATU. See

    DRACULA.

  NOT THAT MUCH DIFFERENT. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  NOTHING LIKE A DANE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.
    Appl. ti.: Nothing like a dame. © Universal Pictures; 1Mar68;
    LP38537.

  NOTRE DAME DU HAUT AT RONCHAMP. Electric Reality Co. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Carl Floyd III; 1May71; MP21538.

  NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE. Dept. of Chemistry, University of
    California. Released by John Wiley & Sons. 28 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced in cooperation with Motion Picture Division, Dept. of
    Theater Arts, University of California.

    Credits: Writers, R. L. Pecsok & J. L. Sudmeier; editor, Leslie S.
      Ettre.

    © Regents of University of California; 1Apr68; MP21581.

  NUDIBRANCHS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21322.

  NUMBER LINE FOR ADDITION. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  NUMBER ONE BOY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  NUMBER PROPERTY OF SETS. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  NUMBER SYSTEM, EQUALITIES AND INEQUALITIES See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  NUMERATION. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  NURSING MANAGEMENT OF THE PATIENT WITH HEAD AND NECK CANCER. American
    Cancer Society. Made by McCleod Film Productions. 31 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 25Sep70; LP38873.


                                   O

  OBELIA. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21320.

  OBJECTIVES--A MANAGEMENT TOOL. Schleh Associates. 35 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1/2 in.) © Schleh Associates, Inc.; 5Jan71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21364.

  OBSERVATION. Betty Jean Deming Pearson. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Betty Jean Deming Pearson; 12Mar71; MU8298.

  THE OBSERVER. Betty Jean Deming Pearson. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Film maker, Betty Pearson; narrator, Donald Bartholomew.

    Cast: Barbara Huth, Edward Pearson.

    © Betty Jean Deming Pearson; 12Mar71; MU8297.

  OBSERVING CLASSROOM TEACHING. Eastern Regional Institute for
    Education. 35 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Strategies for
    teacher-consultant cooperation) © ERIE a.a.d.o. Eastern Regional
    Institute for Education; 15Nov70; MP21272.

  OCTOBERFEST. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Universal Pictures; 1Feb68; LP38568.

  ODOR COLLECTORS. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  OF DOLLARS AND SENSE. Dun & Bradstreet. Made by Audio Productions. 16
    min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Economics and the individual) © Dun &
    Bradstreet, Inc.; 4Feb71; MP21193.

  OFFICE BUILDING. See

    LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY.

  THE OFFICE CASHIER; THE CASH OFFICE RECORDS CLERK (Filmstrip) S. S.
    Kresge Co. Made by Jam Handy Productions. 2 filmstrips on 1 roll (49
    fr., 31 fr.); color, 35 mm. © S. S. Kresge Co.; 14May71; JU12866.

  OFFICER TRAINING. See

    THE DISTURBANCE CALL: GENERAL.

    SHOOT--DON'T SHOOT.

  THE OHMMETER (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 25 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Automotive technology)

    Credits: Planned & written by John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13084.

  OIL. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  OLAF IS LATE. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  OLAF READS. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  OLD BLACK WITCH. See

    WINTER OF THE WITCH.

  THE OLD COWHAND. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  OLD LADY WHO LIVED IN A VINEGAR BOTTLE. See

    MUSICAL ADVENTURES.

  OLD STAPE. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  OMELET. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21242.

  ON FACILITATING A GROUP. See

    CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP.

  ON THE BRIDGE, MAY 1970. Sunday River Productions. 8 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions;
    20Jan71; MP21229.

  ON THE WESTERN MARYLAND. See

    ACROSS THE POTOMAC.

    OVER THE RIDGE.

  ON YOUR MARKS. Communications Group West, 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writer, Richard Armour; voice, Herschel Bernardi.

    © Communications Group West; 8Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21343.

  ONCE UPON A TIME. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  ONE A JUNKIE. See.

    ADAM-12. Log no. 93.

  ONE COIN IN THE FOUNTAIN. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  ONE FOR THE MONEY. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  ONE HORSE TOWN. Universal Pictures. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline, Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Daws Butler, Grace
      Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Oct68; LP38527.

  ONE HOUR TO KILL. See

    IRONSIDE.

  ONE MORE TRAIN TO ROB. Universal Pictures. 108 min., sd., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Producer, Robert Arthur; director, Andrew V. McLaglen;
      screenplay, Don Tait & Dick Nelson; music, David Shire; director
      of photography, Alric Edens; film editor, Robert Simpson.

    Cast: George Peppard, Diana Muldaur, John Vernon, France Nuyen,
      Steve Sandor.

    © Universal Pictures; 30Apr71 (in notice: 1970); LP39054.

  ONE NATION UNDER GOD. Crivello & Associates Film Productions. 15 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Anthony P. Uebelher. © Crivello &
    Associates Film Productions, Inc.; 23Jan71; MP21346.

  ONE OF THE GIRLS IN RESEARCH. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  ONE SPRING DAY. H/K Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Warren Pierce. © H/K Films; 15Nov70; MP21140.

  ONE WHO WASN'T AFRAID. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  OPEN MOLD CASTING. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. (Polyester resins, no. 711) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21297.

  OPEN SENTENCE AND PLACE HOLDERS. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  OPERATION BLIND DOCTOR. See

    WALLY: HIS WORK AND HIS LOVES.

  OPERATION CONTROL. Cockrell Corp. Made by Dale Anderson Productions.
    42 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Cockrell Corp.; 26Aug70; MP21098.

  OPERATION SHANGHAI. Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.
    (A Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director, Sid Marcus; story, Homer Brightman; animator, Les
      Kline; music, Walter Greene; voice, Ray Huffine.

    © Universal Pictures Co., Inc.; 1Jan66; LP38892.

  OPERATIONS AND THEIR PROPERTIES. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  OPERATIONS EXTENDED TO NEGATIVE RATIONALS. General Learning Corp.
    Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning
    Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Elementary mathematics for teachers and students) Presented in
    cooperation with National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl.
    author: General Learning Corp., employer for hire. © General
    Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21071.

  ORAL COMMUNICATIONS: GROUP PROBLEM SOLVING. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 13
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Joshua Tree
    Productions. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    17Sep69 (in notice: 1968); MP21391.

  ORBIT See

    ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE.

  ORCHESTRA/BANK ROBBER. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  ORGANIZATION. Case study no. 2. American Management Assn. 4 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (How to improve individual manager performance) ©
    American Management Assn., Inc.; 6Aug69; MP21506.

  ORIENTATION TO EDISON SCHOOL. See

    INNER-CITY SIMULATION LABORATORY.

  ORIENTATION TO THE URBAN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. See

    INNER-CITY SIMULATION LABORATORY.

  OSCAR'S MOVING DAY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Terrytoons,
    a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65 (in notice: 1964); LP38559.

  OSMOSIS. See

    DIALYSIS.

    EFFECT ON CELL MEMBRANES.

    MOVEMENT OF WATER.

    PHYSICAL CHANGES IN PLANT TISSUE.

  OTHER FILING SYSTEMS. See

    BUSINESS FILING.

  THE OTHER GUY. Pt. 1-2. National Assn. of Blue Shield Plans. Made by
    Herb Skoble Associates. 2 reels (30 min. each), sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    National Assn. of Blue Shield Plans; 31Dec70; LP38911.

  OTHER KIND OF SPY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  OUR CHANGING EARTH. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  OUR FAMILY IS BLACK (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: The family together. 51 fr.--Father at work. 49
      fr.--Mother works hard, too. 51 fr.--Jerry's first day at school.
      49 fr.--Rose is sixteen. 50 fr.--Charles and his friends. 51 fr.

    Credits: Special consultants, Saunders Redding, Ernest I. White.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Sep70;
      JP12899.

  OUR FLAG TODAY (Filmstrip) Knowledge Aid. 26 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    kit.

    Credits: Author, James E. Pickering; illustrator, Georgia Liska.

    Appl. ti.: So proudly we hailed.

    © Knowledge Aid, whose full name is Knowledge Aid, div. MJE Corp.;
      26Mar71; A237304.

  OUR FRIEND, GINO. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  OUR SUN AND ITS PLANETS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Katherine E. Hill.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Nov70;
      MP21355.

  OUT OF THE FRYING PAN. See

    LASSIE.

  OVER THE RIDGE. Sunday River Productions. 11 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. (On the Western Maryland, pt. 1) Appl. author: Alva Morrison. ©
    Sunday River Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 20Jan71;
    MP21389.

  OVERHAUL PROCEDURES. TORQUEFLITE TRANSMISSION MODELS 904 AND 727. See

    TRAMCO PRESENTS OVERHAUL PROCEDURES, TORQUEFLITE TRANSMISSION MODELS
      904 AND 727.

  THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT. Les Kaluza. 2 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Les
    Kaluza; 8Jun71; LP39159.


                                   P

  P-DQ (The Chicago pre-delivery center story) (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    24Feb71; JP13023.

  P.J. Universal Pictures. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope.

    Credits: Producer, Edward J. Montagne; director, John Guillermin;
      screenplay, Philip Reisman, Jr.; story, Philip Reisman, Jr. &
      Edward J. Montagne; music, Neal Hefti; director of photography,
      Loyal Griggs; film editor, Sam E. Waxman.

    Cast: George Peppard, Raymond Burr, Gayle Hunnicutt, Brock Peters,
      Wilfrid Hyde-White.

    © Universal Pictures; 23Mar67; LP38593.

  PACK RAT. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  PADDLES AND SADDLES. Ranger Assn. of New York. 80 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Horace L. Johns, Jr. © Ranger Assn.;
    18Feb71; LU3606.

  PAINTING, DECORATING AND ARRANGING. See

    FLOWER FORMS.

  PAINTING WITH TEMPERA. Davidson Films. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Arts and crafts for children) © Davidson Films; 1Oct70; MP21372.

  A PAIR OF GREENBACKS. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 16Dec69;
    LP39020.

  A PALAZZO IS NOT A HOME. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  PANCAKES. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21244.

  PAOLO UCCELLO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 17 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Jul67; JP12944.

  PAOLO VERONESE (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Jul67; JP12947.

  PAPER CHROMATOGRAPHY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21473.

  PARADE OF HAPPINESS. Min-On of America. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Guy McCloskey; director, Mike Elsey.

    © Min-On of America; 28Jan71; MU8272.

  PARASITIC ISOPOD. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21325.

  PARK. See

    URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.

  PARK AND RECREATION ASSISTANTS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  PARK POND. See

    URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.

  PAROLEE. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  PASTE MAKES WASTE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Beary family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford &
      Paul Frees.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jul68; LP38545.

  PAT EXPLORES HIS CITY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 17Mar71; MP21569.

  PATHWAYS TO MUSIC (Filmstrip) Keyboard Publications. 8 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm.

    Contents: The Baroque Era, pt. 1-2: The arts and humanities of the
      era, 45 fr.; The music of the era, 50 fr.--The Classic Era, pt.
      1-2: The arts and humanities of the era, 44 fr.; The music of the
      era, 48 fr.--Early Romantic Era, pt. 1-2: The arts and humanities
      of the era, 62 fr.; The music of the era, 67 fr.--Impressionistic
      Era, pt. 1-2: The arts and humanities of the era, 59 fr.; The
      music of the era, 59 fr.

    Credits: Producer & writer, Nick Rossi.

    © Keyboard Publications (in notices: A Keyboard publication);
      4Dec69, JP13164-13165; 29Dec69, JP13166-13167.

  PATSY. See

    LASSIE.

  PATTERNS OF GROWTH. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  PAUL BUNYAN. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  PAVED SCHOOL YARD. See

    URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.

  A PECK OF TROUBLE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Al
      Coe & Les Kline; voices, Dal McKennon & Grace Stafford; music,
      Walter Greene.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jul68; LP38567.

  PECOS BILL. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  PEG'S BATIKS. Elizabeth Bond. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Myles P.
    Breen & Elizabeth Bond; 25Sep70; MP21034.

  PELVIS AND PERINEUM: FEMALE PELVIS. Teaching Films. 17 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 17Dec70; MU8285.

  PELVIS AND PERINEUM: FEMALE PERINEUM. Teaching Films. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 17Dec70; MU8282.

  PELVIS AND PERINEUM: MALE PERINEUM. Teaching Films. 16 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 13Jan71; MU8277.

  PELVIS AND PERINEUM: THE MALE PELVIS. Teaching Films. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 13Jan71; MU8274.

  A PENGUIN IS A PENGUIN. See

    ADVENTURES WITH ALPHIE.

  PEOPLE AND HISTORY. See

    SEEING THE PACIFIC STATES.

  PEOPLE: BRINGING LIFE TO THE CITY. Journal Films. 13 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: David Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions,
    Inc.; 15May71; MP21595.

  THE PEOPLE OF ISRAEL. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  PEOPLE WHO CARE. See

    WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.

  PEOPLE WHO DO TRICKS. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  PEOPLES AND CULTURES. See

    SEEING EASTERN EUROPE.

  PERFECT IMAGE. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL. Case study no. 4. American Management Assn. 28
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to improve individual manager
    performance) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 6Aug69; MP21507.

  PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL. Case study no. 4. American Management Assn. 6
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to improve individual manager
    performance) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 6Aug69; MP21510.

  PERMANENT WAVE. International Institute of Coiffure Designers. 20
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 18Oct68
    (in notice: 1965); MP21283.

  PERSONNEL--THE SHOOTING. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  PERU, VERMONT. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 1.

  PESTICIDES. See

    THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.

  PETER PAN. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  PETER RABBIT. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  pH: HYDROGEN ION CONCENTRATION. Thorne Films, 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21429.

  pH: INDICATORS AND BUFFERS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21430.

  THE PHANTOM TOLLBOOTH. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 89 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Based on the book by Norton Juster.

    Credits: Co-producers, Abe Levitow, Les Goldman; directors, Chuck
      Jones, Abe Levitow; screenplay, Chuck Jones, Sam Rosen;
      supervising animators, Ben Washam, Hal Ambro, George Nicholas;
      music score, Dean Elliott; director of photography, Lester Shorr;
      film editor, Jim Faris.

    Cast: Butch Patrick; voices, Mel Blanc, Daws Butler, Candy Candido,
      Hans Conried.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP38522.

  PHONEY PONY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A Walter
    Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dalton Sandifer; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Dal McKennon;
      Woody's voice, Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Nov69; LP38555.

  PHOTOSYNTHESIS. See

    ABSORPTION OF LIGHT BY CHLOROPHYLL.

    EFFECT OF LIGHT INTENSITY.

    EFFECT OF WAVELENGTH.

    END PRODUCTS.

    PIGMENTS.

  PHYSICAL CHANGES IN PLANT TISSUE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Osmosis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21415.

  PHYSICAL HANDICAPS AND LEARNING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College.
    50 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Planned & written by Hilding E. Nelson.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Mar71; JP13076.

  PHYSICAL PROPERTIES OF MATTER. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  PIAGET'S DEVELOPMENTAL THEORY: CONSERVATION. Davidson Films. 28 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Davidson Films; 1Feb67 (in notice: 1966);
    MP21542.

  A PICNIC IN THE FOREST. See

    SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY.

  A PIECE OF THE ACTION (Filmstrip) United Church Press. 15 fr., color,
    35 mm. With Script.

    Credits: Illustrator, Jerry Pinkney.

    © United Church Press; 15Dec70; JP13173.

  PIECES OF DREAMS. RFB Enterprises. Released by United Artists Corp.
    100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel The wine and the
    music, by William E. Barrett.

    Credits: Producer, Robert F. Blumofe; director, Daniel Haller;
      screenplay, Roger O. Hirson; music composed & conducted by Michel
      Legrand; director of photography, Charles F. Wheeler; film editor,
      William Chulack.

    Cast: Robert Forster, Lauren Hutton, Will Geer, Ivor Francis,
      Richard O'Brien.

    © RFB Enterprises, Inc.; 26Aug70; LP38967.

  THE PIED-PIPER OF ROME. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  PIERO DELLA FRANCESCA (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12935.

  PIERO DI COSIMO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Mar67; JP12942.

  PIETRO LONGHI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Jun67; JP12952.

  PIG IS A THREE LETTER WORD. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 23.

  PIGMENTS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Photosynthesis) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21411.

  PILLMAKER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  PIN CURLING TECHNIQUES. International Institute of Coiffure Designers.
    16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 16Oct68
    (in notice: 1965); MP21281.

  PINE LIFE CYCLE (Filmstrip) Carolina Biological Supply Co. 54 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Carolina Biological Supply Co.; 16Dec70; JP12769.

  PINOCCHIO. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  PINWHEEL SANDWICHES. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films. Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21240.

  PIONEER PLUCK. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  PIONEER WEEKEND. Ranger Assn. of New York. 15 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Appl. author: Horace L. Johns, Jr. © Ranger Assn.; 18Feb71;
    LU3605.

  PIPEFITTING--CALCULATING PIPE LENGTHS. Marshall Maintenance. 11 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 18Mar71; MP21315.

  PIPEVINE SWALLOWTAIL: LIFE CYCLE. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21340.

  PITCH, STRESS AND JUNCTURE. See

    UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

  PIZZA. See

    [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE PLACE OF BIRDS IN NATURE (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: 423-1--423-2: How birds find food. 40 fr.--How birds raise
      their young. 40 fr.

    Credits: Author-photographer, Jay Shuler.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 3Feb71; JP12922-12923.

  PLANETS. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  THE PLANNED SALES CALL. American Management Assn. 28 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: Howard A. "Hap" Berrian.

    © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21517.

  PLANNING AND CONDUCTING A VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL (Filmstrip) Broadman
    Films. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. With filmstrip guide, 1 v. © Broadman
    Films; 1Dec70; A220474.

  PLANTAR ASPECT OF THE FOOT. Teaching Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 13Jan71; MU8278.

  PLANTS CHANGE. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  PLASTER MOLD MAKING. Pt. 1. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. (Polyurethane foam) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21397.

  PLASTISOL. See

    DIP CASTING.

    ROTATIONAL MOLDING.

  PLATING EXPERIMENT (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 36 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    EdMediaTec, Inc.; 3Mar71; JP13072.

  PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH. Frank Bresee Productions. 7 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. Production: John G. Marshall Co.

    Credits: Producer, Frank Bresee; music, The Dillards.

    © Frank Bresee Productions, Inc.; 20Aug70; LP38824.

  PLYWOOD. See

    HOT DOG. Series no. 12.

  POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA (Filmstrip) Media Plus.
    6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With filmstrip guide, 24 p.

    Contents: Unit: 1. The poetry of May Swenson. 80 fr. May Swenson,
      mini-lesson. 52 fr.--2. The poetry of Edward Field. 81 fr. Edward
      Field, mini-lesson. 39 fr.--3. The poetry of G. C. Oden. 63 fr. G.
      C. Oden, mini-lesson. 42 fr.

    Credits: Photography editor, A. Grifalconi.

    Appl. states 4 poems prev. pub.

    © Media Plus, Inc.; 25Nov69; A212132.

  POETRY IS ALIVE & WELL & LIVING IN AMERICA. See

    THE POETRY OF EDWARD FIELD.

    THE POETRY OF G. C. ODEN.

    THE POETRY OF MAY SWENSON.

  THE POETRY OF EDWARD FIELD. Media Plus. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Poetry is alive & well & living in America) © Media Plus, Inc.;
    25Nov69; MP21307.

  POETRY OF EDWARD FIELD. See

    POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA.

  THE POETRY OF G. C. ODEN. Media Plus. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Poetry is alive & well & living in America) © Media Plus, Inc.;
    25Nov69; MP21308.

  POETRY OF G. C. ODEN. See

    POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA.

  THE POETRY OF MAY SWENSON. Media Plus. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Poetry is alive & well & living in America) © Media Plus, Inc.;
    25Nov69; MP21306.

  POETRY OF MAY SWENSON. See

    POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA.

  POINT OF HONOR. See

    THE LAWYERS.

  POLARA CUSTOM, CHEVROLET IMPALA, FORD GALAXIE 500. See

    COMPARISON SHOPPING.

  POLK EXPANDS THE NATION. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  POLLUTION. See

    THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.

    PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.

  POLYESTER RESINS. See

    CLOSED MOLD CASTING.

    EMBEDDING.

    FLEXIBLE 3-D MOLD CASTING.

    OPEN MOLD CASTING.

  POLYSTYRENE BEADS. See

    MOLDING.

  POLYURETHANE FOAM. See

    MOLDING.

    PLASTER MOLD MAKING.

    USING PLASTER MOLD.

  THE POND ENVIRONMENT. I-IV. Thorne Films. 4 motion pictures (4 min.
    each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21326-21329.

  POPULATION STATISTICS. See

    THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.

  POPULATION TRENDS. See

    THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.

  POSITION FROM VELOCITY. Pt. 1. John Wiley & Sons. 3 min., si., b&w,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film.

    Credits: Producer, Russell K. Hobbie.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 15Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21398.

  POSITION FROM VELOCITY. Pt. 2. John Wiley & Sons. 3 min., si., b&w,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film.

    Credits: Producer, Russell K. Hobbie.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 15Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21396.

  POSITIVE MENTAL ATTITUDE (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12787.

  POST OFFICE. King Screen Productions. 4 min., sd.; color, 16 mm. ©
    King Broadcasting Co.; 4Dec70; MP21033.

  THE POST-OBSERVATIONAL CONFERENCE. Eastern Regional Institute for
    Education. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Strategies for
    teacher-consultant cooperation) © ERIE a.a.d.o. Eastern Regional
    Institute for Education; 15Nov70; MP21273.

  POST-SURGICAL CARE (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 8 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm.

    Contents: Respiration. 129 fr.--Protecting the patient. 133
      fr.--Shock. 104 fr.--Hemorrhage. 112 fr.--The heart. 106 fr.--Case
      studies. 137 fr.--Anesthesia. 109 fr.--I.V. therapy. 138 fr.

    © Decision Media, Inc.; 17Feb71; JP13196-13203.

  POWER. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE POWER SEEKERS. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  THE PRADO. National Broadcasting Co. 57 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Southern Baptist hour) Produced in association with Southern
    Baptist Convention's Radio & Television Commission.

    Credits: Producer, Doris Ann; director & photographer, Joseph
      Vadala; writer, Aline Saarinen; editor, John Teeple.

    Cast: Sydney Walker, Ira Lewis, Harold Gould, Norman Rose.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 4Jan71; MP21540.

  PRAY LOVE REMEMBER, PRAY LOVE REMEMBER. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  PRE-CALL PLANNING. American Management Assn. 17 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: By Howard A. "Hap" Berrian.

    © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21511.

  PREHISTORIC MAN. See

    COLORADO: PREHISTORIC MAN.

  PREHISTORIC SUPER SALESMAN. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35
    mm. (A Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; voices, Daws Butler & Grace Stafford; music,
      Walter Greene.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Sep69; LP38564.

  PREPARING A CUSTARD. See

    PREPARING CUSTARD.

  PREPARING A STEW. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21261.

  PREPARING CAKE BATTER. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice:
    1969); MP21235.

  PREPARING CUSTARD. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. Appl. ti.: Preparing a custard. © Raybar Technical Films,
    Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21255.

  PREPARING DOUGH. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21246.

  PREPARING TO DECORATE A CAKE. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice:
    1969); MP21250.

  PRESCHOOL VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL MISSION. See

    DESIRED EXPERIENCES FOR FOURS AND FIVES.

  THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY. Set I: 1789-1865 (Filmstrip) Avi
    Associates. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Washington refuses
    a crown. 54 fr.--Jefferson buys Louisiana. 54 fr.--Jackson defeats
    the bank. 53 fr.--Polk expands the nation. 56 fr.--Lincoln
    emancipates the slaves. 53 fr. Produced in cooperation with
    Insight!, Inc. © Avi Associates, Inc.; 28Sep70; JP12802.

  THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY. Set II: 20th century (Filmstrip)
    Avi Associates. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Theodore
    Roosevelt builds a canal. 56 fr.--Franklin Roosevelt fights the
    depression. 57 fr.--Truman acts in Korea. 52 fr.--Eisenhower
    intervenes in Little Rock. 53 fr.--Kennedy confronts the Soviet
    Union. 52 fr. Produced in cooperation with Insight!, Inc. © Avi
    Associates, Inc.; 28Sep70; JP12801.

  THE PRETTY LITTLE GIRL. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  PRETTY MAIDS ALL IN A ROW. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 91 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Based on the novel by Francis Pollini.

    Credits: Producer & screenplay, Gene Roddenberry; director, Roger
      Vadim; music, Lalo Schifrin; director of photography, Charles
      Rosher; film editor, Bill Brame.

    Cast: Rock Hudson, Angie Dickinson, Telly Savalas, Roddy McDowall,
      Keenan Wynn.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 23Mar71; LP38904.

  PRETTY STRONG STUFF FOR FIVE-YEAR-OLDS? (Filmstrip) Field Educational
    Publications. 109 fr., color, 35 mm. (Schools, families,
    neighborhoods) Appl. authors: John U. Michaelis & Ruth H. Grossman.
    © Field Educational Publications, Inc.; 21Nov69; A216465.

  PREVENTING CHRONIC HEART DISEASE, AMERICA'S NO. 1 KILLER (Filmstrip)
    Mt. San Jacinto College. 72 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer, V. Joyce Lim.

    Appl. author: Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan71; JP13013.

  PREVENTION AND CONTROL OF DENTAL DISEASE. See

    CARE OF CHILDREN'S TEETH.

    TRIGGER FOODS.

    USE OF WATER IRRIGATORS.

  PRICE OF WISDOM. See

    LASSIE.

  THE PRINCE FROG. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  PRINCE OF DARKNESS AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  THE PRINCIPLES OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING. Iowa State University.
    Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 5 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    9Oct70; MP21146.

  PRINCIPLES OF BUSINESS & ECONOMICS (Filmstrip) United Transparencies.
    85 fr., color, 35 mm. (Teaching transparencies for overhead
    projection) © United Transparencies, Inc.; 20Nov69; A227019.

  PRINCIPLES OF CLUTCHES AND BANDS. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  PRINCIPLES OF PLANETARY GEARS. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  PRINCIPLES OF PROFESSIONAL SALESMANSHIP. See

    CASE STUDY.

    CUSTOMER COMMUNICATION.

    CUSTOMER RELATIONS.

    THE PLANNED SALES CALL.

    PRE-CALL PLANNING.

    THE PROBLEM-SOLVING SALESMAN.

    SELLING WITH VISUALS.

    TIME AND TERRITORY MANAGEMENT.

    USING PSYCHOLOGY IN SELLING.

  PRINTING. See

    HOW A BOOK IS MADE.

  PRISONER WITHIN. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE PRIVATE LIFE OF SHERLOCK HOLMES. Mirisch Productions. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 125 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Phalanx
    production. Panavision. Based on the characters created by Sir
    Arthur Conan Doyle. Produced in association with Sir Nigel Films.

    Credits: Producer-director, Billy Wilder; screenplay, Billy Wilder,
      I. A. L. Diamond; music score, Miklos Rozsa; director of
      photography, Christopher Challis; film editor, Ernest Walter.

    Cast: Robert Stephens, Colin Blakely, Irene Handl, Stanley Holloway,
      Christopher Lee.

    © Phalanx Productions, Inc. & Mirisch Productions, Inc.; 29Oct70;
      LP38886.

  PROBABILITY. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver Burdett Co.,
    a division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davison Films. 11 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for teachers and
    students) Presented in cooperation with National Council of Teachers
    of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning Corp., employer for
    hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21097.

  THE PROBLEM-SOLVING SALESMAN. American Management Assn. 50 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: By Mack Hanan.

    © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21513.

  PROBLEMS OF CONSERVATION: WILDLIFE. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Environment in
    crisis) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 10Nov70;
    MP21279.

  PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With manual, 18 l.

  Contents: Introduction. 54 fr.--Housing. 54 fr.--Pollution. 53
    fr.--Urban renewal. 51 fr.--Transportation problems. 53 fr.--Social
    problems. 53 fr.

  Credits: Writer & photographer, Edward Dubrowsky.

  Appl. ti.: Problem of our cities.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 15Nov69; A216915.

  PROCEDURES FOR ENTERING AND LEAVING THE ISOLATION UNIT. Comprenetics.
    14 min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Housekeeping series) Loop film. ©
    Comprenetics, Inc.; 5Oct70; MP21464.

  PRODUCER. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  PRODUCT AND PROGRAM POWER FOR '71 (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Parts &
    Accessories Dept. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 56 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 1Jun71;
    JU12879.

  PRODUCT OF TWO NEGATIVE NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21092.

  PROFILE OF A RACE DRIVER. Firestone Tire & Rubber Co. Released by
    Universal Pictures. 2 reels, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, William N. Burch.

    Cast: Billy Vukovich, Mario Andretti, Joe Leonard, Rufus Parnelli
      Jones.

    © Firestone Tire & Rubber Co.; 1Jan68; LP38563.

  PROFILE OF DISSENT. See

    CBS REPORTS.

  PROJECT REJECT. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1May69; LP38548.

  PROMOTING COOPERATION. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  PROTECTING THE PATIENT. See

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  PROTEIN. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  PTYALIN. Thorne Films, 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Enzyme action)
    Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21404.

  PUERTO RICO AND THE PUERTO RICANS (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 2
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Content guide for teachers, 22 l.

    Contents: Pt. 1-2: The Puerto Ricans. 54 fr.--Puerto Rico. 59 fr.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Edward Dubrowsky.

    © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 15Nov69; A216914.

  PUFNSTUF. Sid & Marty Krofft Productions. Released by Universal
    Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Jack Wild, Billie Hayes, Roberto Gamonet, Sharon Baird, Johnny
      Silver.

    © Universal Pictures & Sid & Marty Krofft Productions, Inc.; 4Jun70;
      LP38935.

  PULSE OF LIFE. Health Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director, David Myron Young; director of photography, Elwyn
      Spaulding; script supervisor, Ruth Heitman.

    Cast: Mervyn G. Hardinge.

    © Health Productions; 26Apr71; MU8316.

  PUNCHED CARD DATA PROCESSING SERIES. See

    THE ACCOUNTING MACHINE.

    THE CARD PUNCH.

  PURE PONTIACS--CATALINA AND BONNEVILLE (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor
    Division. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12791.

  THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS. Columbia Pictures. 92 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Based on the book by Thomas Rogers.

    Credits: Producer, David Susskind; director, Robert Mulligan;
      screenplay, by Jon Boothe, George L. Sherman; music, Dave Grusin;
      director of photography, Dick Kratina; film editor, Folmar
      Blangsted.

    Cast: Michael Sarrazin, Barbara Hershey, Arthur Hill, Ruth White, E.
      G. Marshall.

    © T.A. Films-Norton Simon, Inc.; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP38783.

  THE PUTT. National Golf Foundation. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Fundamental skills in golf) Loop film. © National Golf Foundation;
    15Mar71; MP21488.


                                   Q

  QUADRATIC EQUATIONS. R. A. Hermens. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © R. A. Hermens; 17Nov70; MP21105.

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Quality
    Bakers of America Cooperative. Approx. 60 sec. each unless otherwise
    indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America
    Cooperative, Inc. Girl. 30 sec. © 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
    MP21361.

    Protein. 30 sec. © 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21362.

    Silhouettes. © 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21363.

  QUE DEBO HACER. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT 1]

  A QUECHUA VILLAGE: IN PERU (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 48 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Man in his environment, 520-1)

    Credits: Author-photographer, Jay Shuler.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Dec70; JP12843.

  QUESTION OF VALUES. See

    CBS REPORTS.


                                   R

  RADIATION THERAPY IN THE MANAGEMENT OF CANCER. American Cancer
    Society. Made by Campus Film Productions. 25 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 2Sep70; LP38872.

  RAID ON ROMMEL. Universal Pictures. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Richard Burton, Carl Otto Alberty, Clinton Greyn, John
      Colicos, Danielle de Metz.

    © Universal Pictures; 19Feb71; LP39051.

  RALPH WALDO EMERSON. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES.

  RANGER. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  RANSOM. See

    IRONSIDE.

  RAPHAEL (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 17 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Ju167; JP12931.

  RARE OCCASION. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 24.

  RATHSKELLER. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  RATIO. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a
    division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 7 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for teachers and
    students) Presented in cooperation with National Council of Teachers
    of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning Corp., employer for
    hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21077.

  RATIONAL NUMBERS. See

    MATHEMATICS.

  LA RAZA: THE STORY OF MEXICAN-AMERICANS. Fred Ward Productions. 39
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Fred Ward. © Fred Ward
    Productions, Inc.; 22Feb71; MP21226.

  REACH OUT. FilmFair Communications. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Trend
    film. Based on the book I reach to the morning. © FilmFair, Inc.;
    10Mar71; MP21456.

  REACTION TO STRESS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 36 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Health science) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San
    Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Dec68; JP13085.

  READING SKILLS. See

    VOWELS AND THEIR SOUNDS.

  REAL ESTATE APPRAISER. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT TRAINEES. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  THE REBEL PRIEST. Filmvideo Corp. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & writer, Maurice Zouary; medieval footage
      director, Hans Kyser; music director, Arthur Lief; medieval
      footage photographers, S. Wangoe & O. Ewald.

    Cast: Eugene Kloepfer, Elsa Wagner, Karl Elzer & Jacob Tiedke.

    © Filmvideo Corp. & Maurice H. Zouary; 15Feb70 (in notice: 1969);
      MP21031.

  RECEIPT. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  RECIPROCALS--MULTIPLICATIVE INVERSES. General Learning Corp.
    Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning
    Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Elementary mathematics for teachers and students) Presented in
    cooperation with National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl.
    author: General Learning Corp., employer for hire. © General
    Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21081.

  THE RECKONING. Columbia (British) Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel The harp
    that once, by Patrick Hall.

    Credits: Producer, Ronald Sheldo; director, Jack Gold; screenplay,
      John McGrath; music composer & conductor, Arnold Malcolm;
      photographer, Geoffrey Unsworth; editor, Peter Weatherley.

    Cast: Nicol Williamson, Rachel Roberts, Paul Rogers, Zena Walker,
      Ann Bell.

    © Columbia (British) Productions, Ltd.; 1Nov70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP38926.

  THE RECORD MAKERS. Lee Mendelson Film Productions. 60 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Based on the Guiness book of world records.

    Credits: Director, Sheldon Fay, Jr.; writers, Lee Mendelson & Flip
      Wilson; narrator, Flip Wilson.

    NM: compilation & additions.

    © Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc.; 2Apr71; LP39036.

  RECOVERY AFTER MASTECTOMY. American Cancer Society. Made by Campus
    Film Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer
    Society, Inc.; 19Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP38877.

  RED CARPET FAST TELLER SERVICE (Filmstrip) Training Dept., Bank of
    America National Trust & Savings Assn. 99 fr., color, 35 mm. © Bank
    of America National Trust & Savings Assn.; 30Jul70; JP12956.

  RED SKY AT MORNING. Universal Pictures. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Based upon the novel by Richard Bradford.

    Cast: Richard Crenna, Claire Bloom, Richard Thomas, Desi Arnaz, Jr.,
      Cathy Burns.

    © Universal Pictures; 13May71 (in notice: 1970); LP39055.

  REFLECTIONS IN A POND. Journal Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. states prev. reg. 25Apr65 & prev. pub. 15Dec64, MP15113. NM:
    revision & additions. © Reinald Werrenrath, Jr.; 15Jan71; MP21450.

  REFLECTIONS ON TIME. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 22
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 2Sep69; MP21026.

  REGINALD MARSH'S PRINTS: A VISUAL STUDY. Norman Sasowsky. 6 min., sd.,
    b&w, 8 mm. © Norman Sasowsky; 12Oct70; MU8263.

  RELIGION, MONTESSORI AND THE HOME (Filmstrip) Benziger, Inc. 83 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 19 p. Appl. author: Jeannine Schmid. ©
    Benziger, Inc.; 10Jun70; A227233.

  RELIGIONS AND CULTURE OF ISRAEL. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  THE REMAINDER IN DIVISION. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21084.

  REPLAY. Concepts Unlimited. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Concepts
    Unlimited, Inc.; 11Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21388.

  A REPRESENTATIVE HOG CARCASS BREAKDOWN. Iowa State University. Made by
    Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 5 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 9Oct70;
    MP21152.

  REQUIREMENTS IN THE WORLD OF JOBS. See

    JOB OPPORTUNITIES NOW.

  RESEARCH SKILLS: CHOOSING AND NARROWING A TOPIC (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 29 fr., color, 35 mm. (English)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Blair Ceniceros.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 15Feb70; JP12906.

  RESEARCH SKILLS: PLANNING THE PAPER (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. (English)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Jerry La Mattery.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 15Feb70; JP12905.

  RESOLVIENDO PROBLEMAS PERSONALES. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT 1]

  RESPIRATION. See

    AEROBIC RESPIRATION.

    EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE ON YEAST METABOLISM.

    FERMENTATION.

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  RETAIL FOOD STORE CLERK. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  RETAIL STORE DEPARTMENT HEAD. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  RETURN HOME. See

    LASSIE.

  RETURN TO FIJI. See

    IRONSIDE.

  REVOLUTION? John Wiley & Sons. Made by Filmfair Communications. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 3Oct69; MP21448.

  RHYTHMIC BALL SKILLS FOR PERCEPTUAL-MOTOR DEVELOPMENT. Martin Moyer
    Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Narrator, Richard L. Hawk; collaborators, Paul Smith,
      Dennis D. Meyer.

    Appl. author: Martin Moyer.

    © Martin Moyer Productions; 25Jan71; MP21177.

  RIBBON AND CHECKERBOARD SANDWICHES. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © Raybar Technical Films. Inc.; 1Aug70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP21241.

  RICH MAN, POOR MAN. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  RING. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  RING OF DARKNESS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  RIO LOBO. Malabar Productions. Released by Cinema Center Films. 114
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. A National General Picture release.

    Credits: Producer & director, Howard Hawks; screenplay, Burton Wohl
      & Leigh Brackett; music, Jerry Goldsmith.

    Cast: John Wayne, Jorge Rivero, Jennifer O'Neil, Jack Elam, Victor
      French.

    © Malabar Productions, Inc.; 6Nov70; LP39047.

  THE RISE AND FALL OF SOVEREIGN ISRAEL (1000 TO 586 B.C.) See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  ROAD BACK. See

    LASSIE.

  ROBBERY--THE HARASSING WIFE. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  ROBERTO ROSSELLINI'S SICILY: PORTRAIT OF AN ISLAND. National
    Broadcasting Co. 59 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © National Broadcasting
    Co., Inc; 22Oct68; MP21104.

  ROBINSNEST CRUSOE. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  ROCK AND ROLL WITH THE SAFETY PATROL. AAA Foundation for Traffic
    Safety. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © AAA Foundation for Traffic
    Safety; 6May71; LP39160.

  THE ROCKY COAST ENVIRONMENT. I-III. Thorne Films. 3 motion pictures (4
    min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21316-21318.

  ROD RUDSTROM'S VARIATIONS ON THE WESTERMAN TECHNIQUE. R. C. Westerman.
    12 min., si., color, 16 mm. © R. C. Westerman; 22Nov70; MP21455.

  ROLAND AND RATFINK. See

    TRICK OR RETREAT.

  ROMAN FROM IOWA. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  ROME AND JERUSALEM. See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  RONCO SPLATTER SCREEN. Ronco Teleproducts. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Ronco Teleproducts, Inc.; 14Oct70; MP21232.

  THE ROOT OF EVIL. See

    MAYA.

  ROOTS OF FEAR. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  ROOTS OF OUR URBAN PROBLEMS. See

    AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.

  ROSE IS SIXTEEN. See

    OUR FAMILY IS BLACK.

  ROSIE'S WALK. Weston Woods Studios. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From
    the book written & illustrated by Pat Hutchins. Appl. author: Morton
    Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 20Dec70; LP38776.

  ROTATIONAL MOLDING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. (Plastisol, no. 719) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21293.

  ROUGH BRUNCH. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 3Jan71 (in notice:
    1970); LP39176.

  ROUGH RIDERS. See

    [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  ROUNDING. General Learning Corp. Distributed by Silver Burdett Co., a
    division of General Learning Corp. Made by Davidson Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics for teachers and
    students) Presented in cooperation with National Council of Teachers
    of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning Corp., employer for
    hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21089.

  THE ROYAL HUNT OF THE SUN. Cinema Center Films. Released by National
    General Pictures. 120 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Royal Films
    production. Based upon the play by Peter Shaffer. Produced with
    Benmar Productions.

    Credits: Producers, Eugene Frenke, Philip Yordan; director, Irving
      Lerner; screenplay, Philip Yordan; editor, Peter Parasheles;
      costume designer, Anthony Powell.

    Cast: Robert Shaw, Christopher Plummer, Nigel Davenport, Michael
      Craig, Leonard Whiting.

    © Security Pictures, Inc.; 2Oct69; LP38736.

  RUBBISH, GARBAGE AND OTHER TRASH. Costello Productions. 18 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Lothar Spree & Recha Jungmann. ©
    Costello Productions, division of J. C. Vending Machines, Inc. &
    Lothar Spree; 8Mar71; MU8312.

  RUNAWAY. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  RUNNING. Philip Kearney. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Philip Kearney;
    18Nov70; MP21531.

  RURAL LIFE OF ITS PEOPLE, PT. 1-3. See

    JAPAN.


                                   S

  S.I.U.--THE RING. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  S.W.A.T. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 14.

  SAFETY'S NO ACCIDENT (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    112 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
    session no. 71-6) © Chrysler Corp.; 19Mar71; JP13065.

  A SAINT OF TRAVELLERS. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  SALES & MARKETING (Filmstrip) United Transparencies. 75 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Teaching transparencies for overhead projection) © United
    Transparencies, Inc.; 20Jan70 (in notice: 1969): A231220.

  SALES ASSOCIATE. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  SALUD EN LA ESCUELA Y TU. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT 1]

  A SALUTE TO VOLUNTEERS. American Cancer Society. 13 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 16Dec70; LP38875.

  SAMURAI. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 9.

  SAN FRANCISCO: FINANCIAL COMMUNITY. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  THE SAN JUAN ISLANDS. Soundings. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    authors: Clair & Barbara Calhoon. © Soundings; 15Dec70; MP21134.

  THE SAND EXPLOSION SHOT. National Golf Foundation. 5 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Fundamental skills in golf) Loop film. © National Golf
    Foundation, Inc.; 15Mar71; MP21489.

  SANDRO BOTTICELLI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 17 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12938.

  THE SANDY BEACH ENVIRONMENT. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21480.

  SANITATION OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKERS. Iowa State University. Made
    by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 2 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    9Oct70; MP21151.

  SANITATION OF SKINNING MACHINES. Iowa State University. Made by Film
    Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 2 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 7Oct70;
    MP21158.

  SAY HELLO TO YESTERDAY. Cinerama. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp.
    91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From an original story by Alvin Rakoff &
    Ray Mathew.

    Credits: Producer, Josef Shaftel; director, Alvin Rakoff; screenplay
      by Alvin Rakoff, Peter King; music composer, Riz Ortolani; editor,
      Ralph Sheldon.

    Cast: Jean Simmons, Leonard Whiting, Evelyn Laye, John Lee, Jack
      Woolgar.

    © Cinerama, Inc.; 31Jan71 (in notice 1970); LP38975.

  SCAG. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made by Concept
    Films. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Concept Films, Inc.; 21Sep70;
    MP21025.

  SCAG. Peter Wathen-Dunn. 1 reel, si., b&w and color, 16 mm.

    Cast: Thomas Febonio, Tamara Curwin, Roger Carmody.

    © Peter Wathen-Dunn; 4Mar71; LU3608.

  THE SCALPHUNTERS. Norlan Productions & Bristol Pictures. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

    Cast: Burt Lancaster, Armando Silvestre, Ossie Davis, Shelly
      Winters, Telly Savalas.

    © Norlan Productions, Inc. & Bristol Pictures, Inc.; 2Apr68;
      LP38906.

  SCHOOL. Gould Pictures Corp. Made by Communications Group West. 13
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Arthur Gould. © Gould
    Pictures Corp.; 10Nov70; LP38789.

  SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS. See

    PRETTY STRONG STUFF FOR FIVE-YEAR-OLDS.

  SCIENCE AND ART OF WINE MAKING. Wine Institute. Made by Roy Grandey
    Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Roy Grandey.
    Appl. states prev. reg. 3Apr68, MP18092. NM: revision. © Wine
    Institute; 26Sep68; MP21038.

  SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD (Filmstrip) Milliken Pub. Co. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm.

    Contents: FS101-FS106: Animals of every kind. 43 fr.--How animals
      move. 43 fr.--Plants change. 40 fr.--All about seeds. 40
      fr.--What's living there? 40 fr.--What is air? 39 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Cameron McKay.

    © Milliken Pub. Co.; 4Jan71; JP13000-13005.

  SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD (Filmstrip) Milliken Pub. Co. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: FS 201. The weather. 50 fr.--FS 202. The green plants.

  49 fr.--FS 203. The vertebrate animals. 48 fr.--FS 204. The solar
    system. 45 fr.--FS 205 The story of rocks. 48 fr.--FS 206.
    Electrical energy. 48 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Cameron McKay; curriculum consultant,
      Ann Wilson; science consultant, Edward Ortleb.

    © Milliken Pub. Co.; 4Jan71; JP13189-13194.

  SCOTLAND YARD: THE GOLDEN THREAD. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Lucy Jarvis; director, Frank Cvitanovich; writer,
      Sidney Carroll; director of photography, James Allen; film
      editors, Kenneth Shea, Darold Murray.

    Cast: David Niven.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 20Mar71; MP21459.

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. Hearst Metrotone News. Approx. 15 min. each, sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.

    v. 12, issue

    1. A walk on the moon. Color. © 11Sep69; MP21201.

    2. The changing face of Eastern Europe. © 24Sep69; MP21202.

    3. The bear, the dragon: Who is number one? © 20Oct69; MP21203.

    4. Down on the farm. © 12Nov69; MP21366.

    5. From enemy to ally. © 8Dec69; MP21367.

    6. America--1970. Color. © 5Jan70; MP21200.

    7. From Kitty Hawk to jumbo jet. © 2Feb70; MP21204.

    8. Conquest of a continent. © 2Mar70; MP21206.

    9. Focus on Laos. © 6Apr70; MP21205.

  SCREWDRIVERS, WRENCHES, SHEET METAL & WELDING. See

    SHOP SAFETY.

  SCROOGE. Waterbury Films & Cinema Center Films. Released by National
    General Pictures. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on
    A Christmas carol, by Charles Dickens.

    Credits: Producer, Robert H. Solo; director, Ronald Neame;
      screenplay, music & lyrics by Leslie Bricusse; music conductor &
      supervisor, Ian Fraser; director of photography, Oswald Morris;
      film editor, Peter Weatherley.

    Cast: Albert Finney, Alec Guinness, Edith Evans, Kenneth More,
      Laurence Naismith.

    © Cinema Center Films, Inc.; 24Oct70; LP39148.

  SEA HARE. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21323.

  SEASHORE. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  SECRET. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SECRET AGENT WOODY WOODPECKER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color,
    35 mm. (A Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline, Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Daws Butler, Grace
      Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1May67; LP38899.

  THE SECRET DAY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  THE SECRET WAR OF HARRY FRIGG. Universal Pictures. 110 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Techniscope.

    Credits: Producer, Hal E. Chester; director, Jack Smight; music
      composer, Carlo Rustichelli; screenplay, Peter Stone & Frank
      Tarloff; director of photography, Russell Metty; film editor, J.
      Terry Williams.

    Cast: Paul Newman, Sylva Koscina, Andrew Duggan, Tom Bosley, John
      Williams.

    © Universal Pictures & Albion Film Corp.; 27Apr67; LP39024.

  SEEING EASTERN EUROPE (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Countries and resources. 54 fr.--Agriculture. 55
      fr.--Industry and commerce. 57 fr.--Peoples and cultures. 55 fr.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, George W. Hoffman.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 5Oct70;
      JP12900.

  SEEING THE PACIFIC STATES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Land and climate. 51 fr.--Natural resources. 52
      fr.--Agriculture and fishing. 55 fr.--Industry. 52 fr.--Shipping
      and commerce. 54 fr.--People and history. 52 fr.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Robert Warren Durrenberger.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 11Dec70;
      JP12896.

  SELF-UNDERSTANDING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 33 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Marriage and family, by G. H. Grotey, lesson 2) © Mt. San
    Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in
    notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68; JP13103.

  THE SELFISH GIANT. Reiner Films. Released by Weston Woods Studios. 14
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From the fairy tale by Oscar Wilde.

    Credits: Narrator, Charles Cioffi; illustrators, Gertraud & Walter
      Reiner; music composer, Karl Feilitzch.

    © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 20May71; LP39031.

  SELLING WITH VISUALS. American Management Assn. 24 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: By Porter Henry.

    © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21515.

  SEMI-AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-4A. Iowa State University.
    Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Animal Science. 4 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by Townsend Engineering Co. © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    9Oct70; MP21148.

  A SENSE OF OWNERSHIP (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 67 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 21Apr71; JP13150.

  SEPARATING AND COMPROMISING RISKS. Aetna Life & Casualty. 15 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Drivavision. © Aetna Life & Casualty; 30Apr71;
    MP21607.

  SERAFINO. R.P.A., Rizzoli Film & Francoriz; English version produced
    by Titan Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures. 94 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Angelo Rizzoli; director, Pietro Germi;
      screenplay, Leo Benvenuti & others; music, Carlo Rustichelli,
      conductor, Bruno Nicolai; director of photography, Aiace Parolin;
      editor, Sergio Montanari.

    Cast: Adriano Celentano, Ottavia Piccolo, Benjamin Lev, Nazareno
      Natale, Ciosue Ippolito.

    Appl. states prev. pub. abroad, 5Jan69. NM: revisions & English
      subtitles.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 4May70 (in notice: 1959);
      LP39044.

  SERGEANT RYKER. Roncom Films. Released by Universal Pictures. 85 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Frank Telford; director, Buzz Kulik; screenplay,
      Seeleg Lester & William D. Gordon; story, Seeleg Lester; music,
      Johnny Williams; director of photography, Walter Strenge; film
      editor, Robert B. Warwick.

    Cast: Lee Marvin, Bradford Dillman, Peter Graves, Vera Miles, Lloyd
      Nolan.

    © Roncom Films, Inc.; 2Mar68 (in notice: 1963); LP38592.

  SERVICING THE BENDIX DUO-SERVO BRAKE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 38 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, F-2A) Planned
    & written by Sheldon Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt.
    San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 15Dec69; JP12822.

  THE SETTLEMENT OF ISRAEL (13TH TO 11TH CENTURIES B.C.) See

    THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

  A SEVERED HEAD. Winkast Film Productions [England] Released in the
    U.S. by Columbia Pictures Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
    the novel by Iris Murdoch & the play by Iris Murdoch & J. B.
    Priestley.

    Credits: Producer, Alan Ladd, Jr.; director, Dick Clement;
      screenplay, Frederic Raphael; music, Stanley Myers; photographer,
      Austin Dempster; film editor, Peter Weatherley.

    Cast: Lee Remick, Richard Attenborough, Ian Holm, Claire Bloom,
      Jennie Linden.

    © Winkast Film Productions, Ltd.; 21Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LF79.

  THE SEXUAL REVOLUTION. See

    WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.

  SHAKESPEARE'S STRATFORD (Filmstrip) Perfection Form Co. 37 fr., color
    35 mm. © Perfection Form Co.; 30Sep70; JP12851.

  [SHAKEY'S, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Shakey's. Made by Petersen Co.
    Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Foote, Cone &
    Belding Advertising, Inc. © Shakey's, Inc., subsidiary of Great
    Western United Corp.

    Goldilocks. XGPS0170. © 26Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP38923.

  THE SHAKIEST GUN IN THE WEST. Universal Pictures. 101 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Techniscope. Based on the screenplay by Edmund
    Hartmann & Frank Tashlin.

    Credits: Producer, Edward J. Montagne; director, Alan Rafkin;
      screenplay by Jim Fritzell, Everett Greenbaum; music, Vic Mizzy;
      director of photography, Andrew Jackson; film editor, Tony
      Martinelli.

    Cast: Don Knotts, Barbara Rhoades, Jackie Coogan, Donald Barry, Ruth
      McDevitt.

    © Universal Pictures; 11May67; LP58822.

  SHAPING AND FASTENING. See

    METALWORKING.

  SHAPING YEAST ROLLS. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21252.

  THE SHATTERED IMAGE. See

    THE LAWYERS.

  SHELVIN HALL, MINISTER. See

    BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK.

  THE SHERIFF. Screen Gems. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    association with Marvin Worth Productions.

    Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, David Lowell Rich; writer,
      Arnold Perl; cameraman, Emil Oster.

    Cast: Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Kaz Garas, Lynda Day, Kyle Johnson.

    © Screen Gems, division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
      30Mar71; LP38905.

  THE SHIELD. National Society for the Prevention of Blindness. Made by
    Harvest Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Leo
    Trachtenberg Appl. states prev. reg. 14May70, prev. pub. 12May70,
    MP20454. NM: revision & addition, © Harvest Films, Inc.; 27Mar71;
    MP21381.

  SHIFT QUALITY AND LINKAGE ADJUSTMENT (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made
    by Ross Roy, Inc. 82 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 16Nov70;
    JP12889.

  SHIP A'HOY WOODY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Dal McKennon;
      Woody's voice, Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Aug69; LP38553.

  A SHIPIBO VILLAGE ON THE UPPER AMAZON (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 45
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Man in his environment, 520-2)

    Credits: Author-photographer, Jay Shuler.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Dec70; JP12844.

  SHIPPING AND COMMERCE. See-SEEING

    THE PACIFIC STATES.

  SHIPS NORTH TO PRUDHOE BAY. Pal Productions. Distributed by King
    Screen Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting
    Co.; 14May71; MP21603.

  SHOCK. See

    POST-SURGICAL CARE.

  SHOOT--DON'T SHOOT. Woroner Films. 25 min., sd., color. (Officer
    training) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 12May71; MU8319.

  SHOOTING. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  SHOP SAFETY (Filmstrip) Moreland-Latchford Productions. [Canada] Made
    by Coronet Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide,
    11 p.

    Contents: Think safety. 46 fr.--General shop hazards. 52 fr.--Hand
      saws, chisels fr files. 49 fr.--Screwdrivers, wrenches, sheet
      metal & welding, 40 fr.--Grinders, routers, power saws & jointers.
      49 fr.--Drill presses & lathes. 47 fr.

    © Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.; 16Sep70; JF1.

  SHOPLIFT. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 175.

  SHOPPING CENTER. See

    LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY.

  THE SHORT APPROACH: PITCH AND RUN SHOT, PITCH SHOT. National Golf
    Foundation. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fundamental skills in
    golf) Loop film. © National Golf Foundation, Inc.; 15Mar71; MP21487.

  SHOT AND SCENE. Gerald F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany. Art & Nature,
    distributor. 7 min., sd.; color, 16 mm. (Film thru film) © Gerald F.
    Noxon & Peter J. Chvany; 21Sep70; MP21162.

  SHOTPUT AND DISCUS. Coca-Cola Co. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. A Dick
    Borden production. © Coca-Cola Co.; 1Jun70; MP21491.

  SIERRA LEONE. Carrickford Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Industries. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Sheila Carrickford; narrator, Carl Conway;
      photographer, George Noble; editor, Michael Dunk.

    © Carrickford Productions, Ltd.; 1Oct70 (in notice: 1969); MP21137.

  SILENT NIGHT: A CHRISTMAS LEGEND (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) Based on Unsere Volkstuemliche Lieder, by August Heinrich
    Hoffmann von Fallersleben. With Teacher's guide and reading script,
    1 v.

    Credits: Illustrator, Eugene Almquist.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 18Sep70; A236142.

  SILENTS PLEASE. See

    BLOOD AND SAND.

    DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE.

    DRACULA.

    FALL OF BABYLON.

  SILHOUETTES. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SILICONE RUBBER. See

    MOLD MAKING.

  THE SILLY SANDMAN. See

    TOM TERRIFIC.

  A SIMPLE QUESTION OF JUSTICE. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  SINGER EDUCATION & TRAINING PRODUCTS. See

    AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.

    ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

    THE GIFT OF THE MAGI.

    INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES.

    JOB OPPORTUNITIES NOW.

    LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE.

    METALWORKING.

    MUSICAL ADVENTURES.

    SILENT NIGHT: A CHRISTMAS LEGEND.

    THE THANKSGIVING STORY.

    UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

    THE VIRGINIAN.

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  SISTERS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  SIX KILOS. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  6218 IN WINTER. Sunday River Productions. 20 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions, solely
    owned by Alva Morrison; 25May71; MP21614.

  6218 TO LINDSAY, APRIL 1970. Sunday River Productions. 17 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River
    Productions; 20Jan71; MP21228.

  SKI FOR TWO. Foster Films. Released by Universal Pictures. 1 reel,
    sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures Co., Inc.; 1Feb67; LP38524.

  SKIN GAME. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  SKIS. See

    HOT DOG. Series no. 8.

  SKULLDUGGERY. Universal Pictures. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision.

    Credits: Producer, Saul David; director, Martin Fink; screenplay,
      Nelson Gidding; music, Oliver Nelson; director of photography,
      Robert Moreno; film editor, John Woodcock.

    Cast: Burt Reynolds, Susan Clark, Roger C. Camel, Paul Hubschmid,
      Chips Rafferty.

    © Universal Pictures; 11Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38937.

  SKY IS FALLING. See

    LASSIE.

  THE SLAVE EXPERIENCE. Doubleday Multimedia. 10 min., sd., 16 mm. ©
    Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21444.

  SLEEPY TIME BEAR. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Dec69; LP38556.

  SLIPPER. See

    [WAYNE DOG FOOD TELEVISION COMMERCIAL]

  SMALL MUSEUMS AND RESTORATIONS. See

    A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.

  SMALL WOOD ASSEMBLAGE. See

    FLOWER FORMS.

  SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY (Filmstrip) Cathedral Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: 1-6: Meet Smokey Bear. 67 fr.--Animals in the forest. 62
      fr.--A picnic in the forest. 60 fr.--A hike in the forest. 60
      fr.--Being careful with fire. 50 fr.--All things bright and
      beautiful. 58 fr.

    Credits: Director, Jack L. Tyler; graphic art, Vaccaro Associates;
      voices, Marcy Tigner, Jackson Weaver.

    © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 30Sep70; JP12924.

  SNATCHERS. See

    THE NIGHT OF THE FOLLOWING DAY.

  SNOWMOBILES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Pub. Corp. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    guide, 32 p.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar Pub. Corp. solely owned by Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71
      (in notices: on booklet: 1970, on filmstrip: 1971); A224990.

  SNOWMOBILES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71; JP12872.

  SO PROUDLY WE HAILED. See

    OUR FLAG TODAY.

  SOCIAL PROBLEMS. See

    PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.

  SOFTBALL. Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States. 1
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Foote, Cone & Belding. ©
    Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States; 10Oct70;
    MP21057.

  THE SOLAR SYSTEM. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  SOLDER REPAIR (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 36 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Automotive technology, J-2A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Paul Wells.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13093.

  SOLID GOLD PIE. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  SOLID SAMPLING. See

    BASIC INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY.

  SOLID WASTE, A NEW POLLUTANT. See

    AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.

  SOLVING IMPASSES IN EDUCATIONAL NEGOTIATIONS. Negotiations Management
    Service, division of Educational Service Bureau. Made by Astrafilms.
    35 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Service Bureau, Inc.;
    7Jan70; MP21189.

  SOLVING PAIRS OF EQUATIONS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21095.

  SOME ECOLOGICAL CONSIDERATIONS. See

    THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.

  SOMETHING FOR A RAINY DAY. Dun & Bradstreet. Made by Audio
    Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Economics and the
    individual) © Dun & Bradstreet, Inc.; 4Feb71; MP21192.

  SON. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  SON OF THUNDER. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  THE SORCERER'S APPRENTICE. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 4Jan71; MP21351.

  SORRY SIGNORINA! Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Universal Pictures; 1Feb68; LP38528.

  SOUND LIKE THUNDER. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 103.

  THE SOUND OF POETRY. DLG Productions & Corke Snyder Associates.
    Presented by Doubleday Multimedia. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © DLG
    Productions & Corke Synder [i.e., Snyder] Associates; 15Dec69;
    MP21445.

  SOUTH PACIFIC CLOUD PATTERNS I. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21560.

  SOUTHERN BAPTIST HOUR. See

    THE PRADO.

  SPACE SCIENCE: THE SUN AS A STAR. Coronet Instructional Films. 14
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21042.

  [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT I] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: S-134. ¿Que debo hacer? 31 fr.--S-137. Vamos a mirar por
      nuestra salud. 28 fr.--S-138. La salud en la escuela y tu. 27
      fr.--S-145. La gatita que desobedecio. 31 fr.--S-156. Los modales
      son importantes. 31 fr.--S-189. Resolviendo problemas personales.
      Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera. 31 fr.

    © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Nov68; JP12909.

  SPECIAL FOREST PRODUCTS. See

    MAN AND THE FOREST: SPECIAL FOREST PRODUCTS.

  SPECIALTY RETAIL SALES. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  SPEECH, 1-A. See

    GESTURE.

  SPINIGIG (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 35 fr., color, 35 mm. © EdMediaTec,
    Inc.; 1May71; JP13160.

  SPIRIT OF THE RENAISSANCE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
    31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Humanities) © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 28Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21566.

  SPIROGYRA: STRUCTURE AND LIFE FUNCTIONS. Coronet Instructional Films.
    13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21043.

  SPRING COMES TO THE POND. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Oct70; MP21051.

  SPRING VACATION. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  STALKER. See

    LASSIE.

  STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE. Case study no. 3. American Management Assn.
    4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to improve individual manager
    performance) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 6Aug69; MP21505.

  STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE. Case study no. 3. American Management Assn.
    28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to improve individual manager
    performance) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 6Aug69; MP21508.

  THE STARS THROUGH THE SEASONS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP21052.

  THE STATUE. Cinerama. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 86 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the play Chip, chip, chip, by Alec
    Coppel.

    Credits: Producer, Anis Nohra; director, Rod Amateau; screenplay by
      Alec Coppel & Denis Norden; music composer & conductor, Riz
      Ortolani; director of photography, Piero Portalupi; editor, Ernest
      Hosler.

    Cast: David Niven, Virna Lisi, Robert Vaughn, Ann Bell, Mircha
      Carven.

    © Cinerama, Inc.; 31Dec70; LP39026.

  STEAM-A-WAY. Castle Advertising Agency. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Castle Advertising, Inc., a.k.a. Castle Advertising Agency, Inc.;
    2Apr70; MP21467.

  STICKS AND SCRAPS. See

    FLOWER FORMS.

  STILL. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  STILL LIFE. See

    WATERCOLOR.

  STORIES FOR JOINING IN (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Henny Penny. 45 fr.--The three little pigs. 48 fr.--The
      gingerbread boy. 42 fr.--The little red hen 46 fr.--The three
      Billy Goats Gruff. 42 fr.--The three bears. 42 fr.

    Credits: Script, Richard P. Creyke.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 14Dec70;
      JP12898.

  STORM DEVELOPMENT. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21561.

  THE STORY BEHIND THE FEATURES. Westinghouse Electric Corp. Made by Jam
    Handy Productions, division of T.T.P. Corp. 15 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Westinghouse Electric Corp.; 8Feb71; MU8310.

  STORY OF A WOMAN. Westward Productions. Released by Universal
    Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, director, writer, Leonardo Bercovici; music
      score, John Williams; director of photography, Piero Portalupi;
      film editor, Milton Shifman.

    Cast: Robert Stack, James Farentino, Bibi Anderson, Annie Giradot,
      Didi Perego.

    © Westward Productions, Inc.; 11Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38936.

  THE STORY OF CAESAR RODNEY. Andrew N. Wyeth. 12 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    © Andrew N. Wyeth; 21Dec70; LU3604.

  STORY OF MR. MILKPOPPLE. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  THE STORY OF ROCKS. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  STORY OF RUFUS. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  THE STORY OF TALLAHASSEE BEFORE 1860 (Filmstrip) Junior League of
    Tallahassee. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. © Junior League of Tallahassee,
    Inc,; 23Mar71; JP13028.

  THE STORY OF WILLIAM'S TELL. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip) Graded Press. Made by
    Division of Curriculum Resources, General Board of Education, United
    Methodist Church. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 23 fr.; pt. 2, 37 fr.) in 1
    roll, color, 35 mm. With Leader's guide & Reading script, 1 v.
    Produced through Trafco. © Graded Press; 1Jul69; A205084.

  STOWAWAY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  STRATEGIES FOR TEACHER-CONSULTANT COOPERATION. See

    OBSERVING CLASSROOM TEACHING.

    THE POST-OBSERVATIONAL CONFERENCE.

    STUDY LESSON FOR CLASSROOM OBSERVATION.

  STREAM. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  THE STREAM ENVIRONMENT. I-III. Thorne Films. 3 motion pictures (4 min.
    each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Dec70; MP21330-21332.

  STREAMS AND PONDS. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  STRENGTHENING AND IMPROVING MARRIAGE AND FAMILY LIFE (Filmstrip) Mt.
    San Jacinto College. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, by
    G. H. Grotey, lesson 18) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San
    Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Dec68; JP13091.

  THE STRONGER. Doubleday Multimedia, Doubleday & Co. 17 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Adapted from the play by August Strindberg.

    Credits: Director, Jeffrey Young; photographer, James Rieser.

    Cast: Viveca Lindfors.

    © Jeffrey Young; 15Oct70 (in notice: 1969); MP21483.

  STRYKER. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  STUDENT. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  STUDY LESSON FOR CLASSROOM OBSERVATION. Eastern Regional Institute for
    Education. 23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Strategies for
    teacher-consultant cooperation) © ERIE a.a.d.o. Eastern Regional
    Institute for Education; 15Nov70; MP21280.

  STUDY WITH NO SWEAT. Pt. 1: How to take notes (Filmstrip) Laia Hanau.
    Made by Matt Farrell Productions. 146 fr., color, 35 mm. © Laia
    Hanau; 12Jan71; JU12744.

  STUFFING AND TRUSSING A CHICKEN. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice:
    1969); MP21259.

  STYLE. See

    [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  A STYLE ALL YOUR OWN. See

    WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.

  THE SUBSTITUTE. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  SUBTRACTING WITH FRACTIONS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21079.

  SUBTRACTING WITH MIXED NUMERALS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21080.

  SUBTRACTION. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program) ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP21059.

  SUBTRACTION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS. General Learning Corp. Distributed by
    Silver Burdett Co., a division of General Learning Corp. Made by
    Davidson Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary mathematics
    for teachers and students) Presented in cooperation with National
    Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21065.

  SUCCEEDING AT WORK (Filmstrip) United Transparencies. 110 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Teaching transparencies for overhead projection) © United
    Transparencies, Inc.; 22Jul69; A227018.

  SUMMER ALONG THE SAN JUAN. Sunday River Productions. 32 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Denver & Rio Grande: Narrow gauge over Cumbres)
    Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions, solely
    owned by Alva Morrison; 17Sep70; MP21197.

  THE SUMMIT-5 AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  SUN, MOON, AND EARTH. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  THE SUPERFICIAL BACK. Teaching Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 26Feb71; MU8294.

  SUPERSTITION CANYON. See

    LASSIE.

  THE SUPERVISOR AS A REPRESENTATIVE. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS (Filmstrip) Better Management
    Methods. Made by AuViCation. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Interpreting company policies. 110 fr.--Maintaining
      discipline. 102 fr.--The supervisor's job. 99 fr.--Handling
      grievances. 99 fr.--Induction and job instruction. 111 fr.--The
      supervisor as a representative. 102 fr.--Transfer, promotion and
      training for responsibility. 102 fr.--Promoting cooperation. 97
      fr.

    © Better Management Methods a.a.d.o. Rocket Pictures, Inc. (in
      notice: Rocket Pictures, Inc.); 2Nov70; JP12965.

  THE SUPERVISOR'S JOB. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  SUPERVISORY TECHNIQUES. Brigham Young University, Motion Picture Dept.
    32 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 1Jan71;
    LP39018.

  SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL GUNFIGHTER. Cherokee Productions & Brigade
    Productions. Released by United Artists Corp. 92 min., sd., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Bill Finnegan; director, Burt Kennedy;
      screenplay, James Edward Grant; director of photography, Harry
      Stradling; film editor, Bill Gulick.

    Cast: James Garner, Suzanne Pleshette, Harry Morgan, Joan Blondell,
      Jack Elam.

    © Cherokee Productions & Brigade Productions, Inc.; 26May71;
      LP39155.

  SURESAFE RETRACTABLE LADDERS. East-West Films. 1 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © East-West Films; 10Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21270.

  SURVEY OF VARIATIONS IN THE SEXUAL PROCESS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  SURVIVAL. See

    LASSIE.

  THE SURVIVAL SCHOOL AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  THE SURVIVORS. Universal Television & Harold Robbins Co. [Canada]
    Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Harold Robbins Co. & Universal Television.

    Chap.

    1. Credits: Producer, Richard Caffey; director, Walter Doniger;
      teleplay, John Wilder & Michael Gleason. Cast: Lana Turner, George
      Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph Bellamy, Diana Muldaur. © 27Sep69;
      LP39048.

    2. Credits: Director, Harvey Hart. Cast: Lana Turner, George
      Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph Bellamy, Louis Hayward. © 4Oct69;
      LP39097.

    3. Credits: Producer, Richard Caffey; directors, Curtis Harrington &
      George Fenady; teleplay, Walter Michaeljohn; story, Richard
      Caffey. Cast: George Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph Bellamy, Lana
      Turner, Rossano Brazzi. © 11Oct69; LP39098.

    4. Credits: Producer, Richard Caffey; directors, Don Weis & Walter
      Doninger; teleplay, Harry Kronman & Walter Michaeljohn; story,
      Walter Doniger. Cast: George Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph
      Bellamy, Lana Turner, Rossano Brazzi. © 18Oct69; LP39099.

    5. Credits: Director, George Fenady. Cast: Lana Turner, George
      Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph Bellamy, Rossano Brazzi. ©
      25Oct69; LP39100.

    6. Credits: Producer, Richard Caffey; director, Don Weis; teleplay,
      William Robert Yates; story, Michael Gleason. Cast: George
      Hamilton, Ralph Bellamy, Kevin McCarthy, Rossano Brazzi, Lana
      Turner. © 8Nov69; LP39101.

    7. Credits: Director, Marc Daniels. Cast: Lana Turner, George
      Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph Bellamy, Rossano Brazzi. ©
      15Nov69; LP39102.

    8. Credits: Director, John Newland. Cast: Lana Turner, George
      Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph Bellamy, Rossano Brazzi. ©
      22Nov69; LP39103.

    9. Credits: Director, Lee Philips. Cast: Lana Turner, George
      Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Ralph Bellamy, Rossano Brazzi. ©
      29Nov69; LP39104.

    10. Credits: Director, Lewis Allen. Cast: Lana Turner, George
      Hamilton, Kevin McCarthy, Rossano Brazzi, Ralph Bellamy. © 6Dec69;
      LP39105.

    11. Credits: Producer, Richard Caffey; director, Paul Henreid;
      teleplay, Norman Katkov; story, Walter Doniger. Cast: George
      Hamilton, Ralph Bellamy Lana Turner, Kevin McCarthy, Rossano
      Brazzi. © 13Dec69; LP39106.

    12. Credits: Producer, Richard Caffey; director, Lewis Allen;
      teleplay, Yale M. Udoff; story, John Wilder. Cast: George
      Hamilton, Ralph Bellamy, Lana Turner, Kevin McCarthy, Rossano
      Brazzi. © 20Dec69; LP39107.

    13. Credits: Producer, Richard Caffey; director, Lewis Allen;
      teleplay, Ellis Kadison; story, Michael Gleason. Cast: George
      Hamilton, Lana Turner, Kevin McCarthy, Rossano Brazzi. © 27Dec69;
      LP39108.

    14. Credits: Producer, Michael Gleason; director, Michael Caffey;
      teleplay, Norman Katkov; story, Walter Doniger. Cast: George
      Hamilton, Ralph Bellamy, Lana Turner, Kevin McCarthy, Rossano
      Brazzi. © 5Jan70; LP39056.

    15. Credits: Producer, Harry Tatelman; director, Josef Leytes;
      teleplay, Richard Bluel. Cast: George Hamilton, Lana Turner, Ralph
      Bellamy, Diana Muldaur, Michael Bell. © 3Jan70; LP39057.

  SWEDE 'N LOVELY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Universal Pictures; 1Mar68; LP38536.

  SWEET CHARITY. Universal Pictures. 151 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. From the New York stage production book by Neil Simons.
    Based on the screenplay Nights of Cabiria, by Federico Fellini,
    Tullio Pinelli & Ennio Flaiano.

    Credits: Producers, Fryer, Carr, Harris; director, Bob Fosse;
      screenplay, Peter Stone; music, Cy Coleman; director of
      photography, Robert Surtees; film editor, Stuart Gilmore.

    Cast: Shirley Maclaine, John McMartin, Chita Rivera, Ricardo
      Montalban, Sammy Davis, Jr.

    © Universal Pictures; 5Apr68; LP38879.


                                   T

  TAKE IT FROM CHARLIE (Filmstrip) Audiovisual Service, Boy Scouts of
    America. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 31Dec70;
    JP12849.

  TAKE TIME! (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    18Jun71; JP13223.

  TAKEOVER. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  TAKING SETS APART. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  TAKING TURNS. See

    THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

  A TALE OF TWO TRAVELS. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  TALK TO ME, CHARLEY. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  THE TAMING OF TRUDY BELL. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  TAMMY AND THE MILLIONAIRE. Uni-Bet Productions. Released by Universal
    Pictures Co. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novels Tammy
    out of time & Tammy tell me true, by Cid Ricketts Sumner.

    Credits: Producer, Dick Wesson; directors, Sidney Miller, Ezra Stone
      & Leslie Goodwins.

    © Uni-Bet Productions & Universal Pictures; 22Ju167; LP38808.

  TAMMY OUT OF TIME. See

    TAMMY AND THE MILLIONAIRE.

  TAMMY TELL ME TRUE. See

    TAMMY AND THE MILLIONAIRE.

  THE TAPESTRY OF THE EARTH. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21549.

  TAROT. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  TEACHER'S MANUAL TO ACCOMPANY THE MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY ENGLISH
    FILMSTRIPS. See

    MACMILLAN ENGLISH FILMSTRIPS.

  TEACHING TRANSPARENCIES FOR OVERHEAD PROJECTION. See

    BUSINESS LAW.

    ELEMENTARY MUSIC.

    PRINCIPLES OF BUSINESS & ECONOMICS.

    SALES & MARKETING.

    SUCCEEDING AT WORK.

  TECHNOLOGY, PHOOEY. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 25Jun69;
    LP39022.

  THE TEDDY BEAR'S BALLOON TRIP. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 4Jan71; MP21352.

  TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE. See

    ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

  TELEPHONE. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  TELL ME A STORY (Filmstrip) Taylor Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With kit.

    Contents: TA-21--TA-24: Olaf is late 32 fr.--Olaf reads. 47
      fr.--Marvin's manhole. 30 fr.--All the lassies. 32 fr.

    Appl. author: Stanford E. Taylor. NM: revisions.

    © Taylor Associates; 25Jan71; A221870.

  TELL THEM WILLIE BOY IS HERE. Universal Pictures. 98 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Panavision. Based on the book Willie boy, by Harry Lawton.

    Credits: Producer, Philip A. Waxman; director & writer, Abraham
      Polonsky; music, Dave Grusin; photography, Conrad Hall; film
      editor, Melvin Shapiro.

    Cast: Robert Redford, Katharine Ross, Robert Blake, Susan Clark,
      Barry Sullivan.

    © Universal Pictures; 18Dec69; LP39050.

  TELLING GOOD NEWS IN AFRICA (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 40 fr., color,
    35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Produced with Foreign Mission Board. ©
    Broadman Films; 1Apr71; A248890.

  TEMPEST, See

    LASSIE.

  10 RILLINGTON PLACE. Genesis Productions [England] Released in the
    U.S. by Columbia Pictures Corp. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
    on the book by Ludovic Kennedy.

    Credits: Producers, Leslie Linder & Martin Ransohoff; director,
      Richard Fleischer; screenplay, Olive Exton; music composer &
      conductor, John Dankworth; director of photography, Denys Coop;
      film editor, Ernest Walter.

    Cast: Richard Attenborough, Judy Geeson, John Hurt, Pat Heywood,
      Isobel Black.

    © Genesis Productions, Ltd.; 28Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LF78.

  TEN-SHUN. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE TENDERFOOT. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  THE TEST TUBE KILLER AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  THE THANKSGIVING STORY (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 50
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products) With
    Teacher's guide and reading script, 1 v.

    Credits: Illustrator, Robert Boehmer.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 18Sep70; A236143.

  THAT EXTRA SOMETHING (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 25Jan71; JP12885.

  THAT'S DEBBIE. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  THEIR IMPORTANCE. See

    TREES.

  THEIR PRODUCTS. See

    TREES.

  THEIR STRUCTURE. See

    TREES.

  THEIR VALUE TO US. See

    DISCOVERING ROCKS AND MINERALS.

  THEODORE ROOSEVELT BUILDS A CANAL. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  THERE GOES NEW YORK. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THERE OUGHT TO BE A LAW! American Retail Federation. Made by Betzer
    Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented in cooperation
    with National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws. ©
    American Retail Federation; 1Sep70; MP21395.

  THERE'S A CATCH TO IT. Raymond Berry Associates. 3 motion pictures (10
    min. each), sd., color, 16 mm. Contents: Catching the short
    pass.--Catching the short pass--specialty drills.--Catching the long
    pass. Appl. author: Raymond Berry. © Raymond Berry Associates;
    25Jun70; MP21231.

  THERE'S A GIRL IN MY SOUP. Ascot Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on Terence Frisby's
    stage play.

    Credits: Producers, M. J. Frankovich, John Boulting; director, Ray
      Boulting; screenplay, Terence Frisby; music composed & sung by
      Mike D'Abo; director of photography, Harry Waxman; camera
      operator, Gerry Anstiss; editor, Martin Charles.

    Cast: Peter Sellers, Goldie Hawn, Tony Britton, Nicky Henson, Diana
      Dors.

    © Ascot Productions, Inc.; 1Dec70; LP38734.

  THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS. Newman-Foreman Co. Released by Universal
    Pictures. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the play by James
    Goldman.

    Credits: Producer, John Foreman; director, Anthony Harvey;
      screenplay, James Goldman, music composer & supervisor, John
      Barry; music arranger & conductor, Kenneth Thorne; director of
      photography, Victor J. Kemper; film editor, Gerald Greenberg.

    Cast: George C. Scott, Joanne Woodward, Jack Gilford, Lester
      Rawlins, Al Lewis.

    © Universal Pictures & Newman-Foreman Co., Inc.; 10Mar71; LP39187.

  THIEVES. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THINGS OF LIFE. See

    LES CHOSES DE LA VIE.

  THINK SAFETY. See

    SHOP SAFETY.

  THE THINKING ??? MACHINES. Film Unit, Bell Telephone Laboratories. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc.;
    10Nov68; MP21311.

  THOSE ANIMALS ON THE FARM. Clark Bell Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: Clarkson A. Bell. © Clark Bell Films; 15Nov70;
    MP21173.

  THE THREE BEARS. See

    STORIES FOR JOINING IN.

  THE THREE BILLY GOATS GRUFF. See

    STORIES FOR JOINING IN.

  THREE INTO TWO WON'T GO. Universal Pictures. 93 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Based on a novel by Andres Newman.

    Credits: Producer, Julian Blaustein; director, Peter Hall;
      screenplay, Edna O'Brien; music composer, Francis Lai;
      photography, Walter Lassally; film editor, Alan Osbiston.

    Cast: Rod Steiger, Claire Bloom, Judy Geeson, Peggy Ashcroft, Paul
      Rogers.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 6Oct69 (in notice: 1968); LP39053.

  THREE LITTLE PIGS. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

    STORIES FOR JOINING IN.

  THROUGH DIFFERENT EYES. Peach Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Merlin Peck; 1Sep70; MP21132.

  THRUSH ROULETTE AFFAIR. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  TIDAL ZONE. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  TIGER BOY. See

    MAYA.

  THE TIM CONWAY COMEDY HOUR. Timkel Enterprises & Jocar. 60 min., sd.,
    color. Videotape (2 in.) Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network.

    Credits: Producer, Joe Hamilton; director, Dave Powers; head writer,
      Arnie Rosen; musical director, Harry Zimmerman.

    Cast: Carol Burnett, Danny Thomas, Joe Flynn, Harvey Korman.

    © Timkel Enterprises, Inc. & Jocar, Inc.; 12Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP38809.

  TIME AND TERRITORY MANAGEMENT. American Management Assn. 23 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: By Porter Henry.

    © American Management Assn., Inc,; 26Nov68; MP21514.

  TIME OF CRISIS. See

    LASSIE.

  A TIME OF TERROR. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  TINTORETTO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Jul67; JP12943.

  TITIAN (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12950.

  TO AND FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE, PT. 2. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  TO CATCH A CROW. See

    LASSIE.

  TO GO HOME AGAIN. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  TO KEEP GREEN FIELDS FROM BEING SUBDIVIDED. Population Dynamics. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Population Dynamics; 10Sep70; MP21030.

  TO ROME WITH LOVE. Rome Co. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Rome Co.

    Affair of honor. Credits: Writer, Phil Davis. © 14Dec69; LP38686.

    And one more spring. Credits: Writers, Hannibal Coons, Charles
      Marion. © 28Dec69; LP30687.

    Anything can happen in Rome. Credits: Writer, Robert Pirosh. ©
      4Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38668.

    The beautiful people. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 1Mar70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38674.

    Birds, bees, and Romans. Credits: Writer, Joan O'Brien. © 8Mar70;
      LP38662.

    Father's choice. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 29Mar70;
      LP38664.

    A friend for Penny. Credits: Story, Burt Styler; teleplay, Burt
      Styler, Joan O'Brien. © 5Apr70; LP38665.

    Goodbye, Aunt Harriet. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 19Oct69;
      LP38680.

    A gown for Alison. Credits: Writer, Elick Moll. © 11Jan70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38669.

    Hello, Aunt Harriet. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 5Oct69;
      LP38678.

    The long road home. Credits: Writer, Robert Pirosh. © 23Nov69;
      LP38684.

    My daughter, Penny. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 8Feb70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38673.

    One coin in the fountain. Credits: Writer, Phil Rapp. © 18Jan70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP38670.

    Our friend, Gino. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 10May70
      (in notice: 1969); LP38675.

    A palazzo is not a home. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 16Nov69;
      LP38683.

    The Pied-Piper of Rome. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 1Feb70
      (in notice: 1969); LP38672.

    The pretty little girl. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 15Mar70;
      LP38663.

    The Roman from Iowa. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 12Oct69;
      LP38679.

    The secret day. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 30Nov69; LP38685.

    Spring vacation. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 26Apr70;
      LP38666.

    The telephone. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin. Henry Garson. ©
      2Nov69; LP38681.

    To go home again. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 25Jan70 (in
      notice: 1969) LP38671.

    To Rome with love. Credits: Teleplay, Edmund Hartmann. © 28Sep69;
      LP38677.

    We remember mama. Credits: Story, Elroy Schwartz; teleplay, Elroy
      Schwartz, Joan O'Brien. © 17May70 (in notice: 1969); LP38676.

    We want to go home. Credits; Writers, Edmund Beloin, Henry Garson. ©
      9Nov69; LP38682.

    West of Rome. Credits: Writer, Cynthia Lindsay. © 3May70; LP38667.

  TO SAVE OUR ENVIRONMENT: CONSERVATION. Gilbert Altschul Productions.
    Released by Journal Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Leonard Slaton. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 29Jan71 (in
    notice: 1970); MP21597.

  TOGETHER AT THE INSTITUTE FOR THE STUDY OF NON-VIOLENCE. Robert
    Silverthorne Productions. 40 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Robert
    Silverthorne; 19Mar71; MP21499.

  TOGETHER FOR LIFE (Filmstrip) Alpha Corp. of America, Educational
    Division. 73 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Credits: Director, D. J. D'Angelo; writer, Joseph M. Champlin;
      dramatizer, Harriet Carlson; photographer, Stephen Deutch.

    © Alpha Corp. of America; 5Oct70; A220606.

  TOM DAYTON IS LOOSE AMONG US. See

    IRONSIDE.

  TOM TERRIFIC. Terrytoons. Approx. 4 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Television Film Sales, Inc.

    Big dog show-off. Episode no. 1-5. © 27Oct58; LP38656-38660.

    Crabby Park. Episode no. 1-5. © 6Oct58; LP38641-38645.

    The end of rainbows. Episode no. 1-5. © 10Nov58; LP38631-38635.

    The everlasting birthday party. Episode no. 1-5. © 3Nov58;
      LP38621-38625.

    The flying sorcerer. Episode no. 1-5. © 13Oct58; LP38651-38655.

    Go West, young Manfred. Episode no. 1-5. © 15Sep58; LP38611-38615.

    Isotope Feeney's foolish fog. Episode no. 1-5. © 8Sep58;
      LP38601-38605.

    The million Manfred mystery. Episode no. 1-5. © 22Sep58;
      LP38646-38650.

    The missing mail mystery. Episode no. 1-5. © 25Aug58; LP38606-38610.

    Moon over Manfred. Episode no. 1-5. © 1Sep58; LP38616-38620.

    The prince frog. Episode no. 1-5. © 29Sep58; LP38626-38630.

    Robinsnest Crusoe. Episode no. 1-5. © 17Nov58; LP38596-38600.

    The silly sandman. Episode no. 1-5. © 20Oct58; LP38636-38640.

  TOMORROW'S CHILDREN. Henry Mayer. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Henry
    Mayer; 5May71; MP21537.

  TONDO--A ROUND ABOUT ROUND. King Screen Productions. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 4Mar71; MP21314.

  TOOLS. See

    COMPUTERS AND IMAGINATION.

  TOOLS FOR TEACHERS OF PRESCHOOLERS (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board of
    the Southern Baptist Convention. 26 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sunday
    School Board of the S.B.C.; 5Mar71; JP13008.

  TOOTHBRUSHES. See

    HOT DOG. Series no. 7.

  TOPAZ. Universal Pictures. 126 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel
    by Leon Uris.

    Credits: Producer & director, Alfred Hitchcock; screenplay, Samuel
      Taylor; music composer & conductor, Maurice Jarre; photography,
      Jack Hildyard; film editor, William H. Ziegler.

    Cast: John Forsythe, Frederick Stafford, Dany Robin, Per-Axel
      Arosenius, Sonja Kolthoff.

    © Universal Pictures; 19Dec69; LP39052.

  TORNADO. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21563.

  TORNADO SITUATION. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21562.

  TORQUE CONVERTER. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  TORQUEFLITE DIAGNOSIS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
    Inc. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 21Apr71; JP13152.

  TOTALLY TOUGHER CHEVROLET TRUCKS. Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Chevrolet
    Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; MU8309.

  TOUCH OF HANDS. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  TRACY'S TRIUMPH. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  TRADITION. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE TRAGEDY OF THE COMMONS. King Screen Productions. 25 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Based on the article by Garrett Hardin. © King
    Broadcasting Co.; 1May71; MP21533.

  TRAIN OF DARKNESS. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  TRAMCO PRESENTS OVERHAUL PROCEDURES, TORQUEFLITE TRANSMISSION MODELS
    904 AND 727 (Filmstrip) Tramco Industries. 125 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Tramco Industries; 1Nov70; JP12964.

  TRANQUILITY. See

    MOODS FROM NATURE: TRANQUILITY.

  TRANSCRIPTION FROM MACHINES THAT USE RECORDS AND TAPES. Pt. 1
    (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 47 fr., color, 35 mm. (Machine
    transcription, lesson 3) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San
    Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Dec69; JP13095.

  TRANSCRIPTION MACHINES THAT USE A BELT (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. (Machine transcription, lesson 1)

    Credits: Planned & written by Anne E. Schatz.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec69; JP13077.

  TRANSFER, PROMOTION AND TRAINING FOR RESPONSIBILITY. See

    SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

  TRANSMISSION COOLING AND LUBRICATION. See

    AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  TRANSPORTATION CRISIS. See

    AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.

  TRANSPORTATION PROBLEMS. See

    PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.

  TRASH. Score Movies. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Score Movies, Ltd.;
    5Oct70; LP39043.

  THE TRAVELING EXECUTIONER. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 95 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Producer & director, Jack Smight; writer, Garrie Bateson;
      music, Jerry Goldsmith; director of photography, Philip Lathrop;
      film editor, Neil Travis.

    Cast: Stacy Keach, Mariana Hill, Bud Cort, Graham Jarvis, James J.
      Sloyan.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 16Oct70; LP38520.

  TREES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With kit.

    Contents: The different kinds. 49 fr.--Their structure. 45
      fr.--Flowers, fruits and seeds. 46 fr.--How they grow. 45
      fr.--Their products. 49 fr.--Their importance. 47 fr.

    Credits: Educational collaborators, George W. Donaldson, Louise E.
      Donaldson.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Oct70;
      JP12901.

  A TREND TOWARD UNIFORMITY. See

    GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE.

  TRICK OR RETREAT. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Roland and Ratfink) ©
    Mirisch-D.F.; 3Mar71; LP39174.

  TRI-DIMENSIONAL LIVING MIRROR. William Stanton, Edward Roll & Herbert
    Michaels. 30 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1/2 in.) (With Jump with Mr.
    Jump and Dance) © William Stantor, Edward Roll & Herbert Michaels;
    15Apr71; MU8314.

  TRIGGER FOODS. Teaching Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Prevention
    and control of dental disease) © Teaching Films, Inc.; division of
    A-V Corp.; 15Jan71; MU8279.

  TRIP TO NOWHERE. National Broadcasting Co. 59 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (NBC white paper on youth and drugs)

    Credits: Producer, Lucy Jarvis; director, Joseph Vadala; writers,
      Rafael Abramovitz, JoAnn Goldberg, Lucy Jarvis; narrator, Edwin
      Newman; cameramen, Joseph Vadala, Dexter Alley; film editors,
      Katharine Field, Kenneth Shea.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 20Aug70; MP21309.

  TROJAN WOMEN. See

    AN ACTOR WORKS (A SCENE FROM THE TROJAN WOMEN)

  TROOP MEETING TONIGHT (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 79 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 23Jun70; JP12980.

  TROPICAL ATLANTIC CLOUD PATTERNS I-II. Thorne Films. 2 motion pictures
    (5 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films,
    Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21558-21559.

  TROPICAL PACIFIC CLOUD PATTERNS I-II. Thorne Films. 2 motion pictures
    (5 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films,
    Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21556-21557.

  TRUE LUXURY--PURE PONTIACS (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12792.

  TRUMAN ACTS IN KOREA. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  TUMBLE WEED GREED. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Dal McKennon;
      Woody's voice, Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jun69; LP38551.

  TURKEY AU GO-GO. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Norman Gluck; director, Arthur Cohen; writer,
      William E. O'Connell; editor, Ed Bartsch.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jan66; LP38890.

  TWENTY-FOUR KARAT KILL. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  TWILIGHT OF EMPIRE. See

    MAYA.

  TWO BABIES. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  TWO BOYS OF ETHIOPIA. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made
    by Visual Education Centre. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The African
    scene) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 30Nov70;
    MP21028.

  TWO CRUST PIE. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21239.

  THE TWO FACES OF KENYA. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Norman Gluck; writer, William E. O'Connell;
      narrator, Jim Branch; editor, Ed Bartsch.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jan66; LP38889.

  TWO JUMPS AND A CHUMP. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 28Mar71;
    LP39168.

  TWO MULES FOR SISTER SARA. Universal Pictures. 105 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Panavision. Produced in association with Sanen Productions.

    Credits: Producer, Martin Rackin & Carroll Case; director, Don
      Siegel; screenplay, Albert Maltz; story, Budd Boetticher; music,
      Ennio Morricone; photography, Gabriel Figueroa; film editor,
      Robert F. Shugrue.

    Cast: Shirley MacLaine, Clint Eastwood, Manolo Fabregas, Alberto
      Morin, Armando Silvestre.

    © Universal Pictures; 29May70 (in notice: 1969); LP38934.

  TYPES OF EQUIPMENT. See

    BUSINESS FILING.

  TYPEWRITERS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES.


                                   U

  UGLY DUCKLING. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  UMBRELLA. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE UNBELIEVABLE BUGS OF MALACAPALACAPOO. Illumination Films. 5 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Andrew Sugerman. © Illumination
    Films; 15Feb71; LP38900.

  UNCLE PRINCE CHARMING. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  UNDER SEA DOGS. Universal Pictures. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline, Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

    © Universal Pictures; 1May67; LP38526.

  UNDERSTANDING THE FAMILY LIFE CYCLE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, by G. H.
    Grotey) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68;
    JP13101.

  UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE. Group 1 (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 6 v.

    Contents: A-132-1--132-6: Word order. 46 fr.--Pitch, stress and
      juncture. 57 fr.--Word building. 51 fr.--Grammar in words: Form
      words. 58 fr.--Grammar in words: Structure words. 45 fr.--Basic
      sentence ingredients. 56 fr.

    Credits: Authors, Harold Shane, June Shane; with Ted DeVries;
      illustrator, Michael A. Norman.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 22Jul70; A236146.

  UNEVEN LIES: UPHILL, DOWNHILL, SIDEHILL. National Golf Foundation. 5
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fundamental skills in golf) Loop
    film. © National Golf Foundation, Inc.; 15Mar71; MP21490.

  UNEXPECTED MRS. POLLIFAX. See

    MRS. POLLIFAX, SPY.

  UNION OF SETS. See

    MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

  UNITED TRANSPARENCIES FOR OVERHEAD PROJECTION. See

    THE MAGIC OF COLOR AND SHAPE.

    1967 ENGLISH SUPPLEMENT.

  UNSERE VOLKSTUEMLICHE LIEDER. See

    SILENT NIGHT: A CHRISTMAS LEGEND.

  UP TIGHT. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  UPJOHN VANGUARD OF MEDICINE. See

    MEDICAL POTENTIAL OF LASERS.

  UPLAND FOREST. See

    ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.

    AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.

  URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
    Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: A paved school yard. 38 fr.--A vacant lot. 37 fr.--A park.
      37 fr.--A park pond. 40 fr.--A grass yard. 44 fr.--A construction
      site. 39 fr.

    Credits: General editor, E. Dan Cappel.

    © Educational Direction, Inc.; 17Sep70; JP13115-13120.

  URBAN LIFE OF ITS PEOPLE, PT. 1-3. See

    JAPAN.

  URBAN RENEWAL. See

    PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.

  USE OF WATER IRRIGATORS. Teaching Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Prevention and control of dental disease) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 17Dec70; MU8281.

  USING A PROTRACTOR. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP21060.

  USING EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS TO COMPUTE SUMS. General Learning Corp.
    Made by Davidson Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Elementary
    mathematics for teachers and students) Released in cooperation with
    National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. © General Learning
    Corp.; 5Aug70; MP21220.

  USING PLASTER MOLD. Pt. 2. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. (Polyurethane foam) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
    MP21475.

  USING PSYCHOLOGY IN SELLING. American Management Assn. 32 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Principles of professional salesmanship)

    Credits: By James Cribbin.

    © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP21516.


                                   V

  VW BUGS (Filmstrip) Bowmar Pub. Corp. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    guide, 32 p.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar Pub. Corp., solely owned by Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71
      (in notices: on booklet: 1970, on filmstrip: 1971); A224991.

  VW BUGS (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Ed Radlauer.

    © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 18Jan71; JP12871.

  VACANT LOT. See

    URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.

  VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL. See

    BIBLE LEARNERS.

    BIBLE SEARCHERS.

  VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL JOINT SERVICE 1971 (Filmstrip) Broadman Films.
    33 fr., color, 35 mm. NM: revisions & additions. © Broadman Films;
    1Dec70; JP12962.

  THE VALUE LEADER (1971 Fury vs. Chevrolet) (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    29Jan71; JP12960.

  THE VALUE LEADER RIDES AGAIN (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 56 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 18Feb71;
    JU12808.

  VAMOS A MIRAR POR NUESTRA SALUD. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT 1]

  THE VAMPIRE LOVERS. American International Productions. Released by
    American International Pictures. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Adapted
    from J. Sheridan Le Fanu's story Carmilla. An American
    International-Hammer Films production.

    Cast: Douglas Wilmer, Ingrid Pitt, Dawn Addams, Peter Cushing &
      Pippa Steele.

    © American International Productions; 28Oct70; LP38557.

  VEGETABLES. See

    FOODS WE EAT.

  VELOCITY FROM POSITION. John Wiley & Sons. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8
    mm. Loop film.

    Credits: Producer, Russell K. Hobbie.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 15Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21399.

  THE VELVET TOUCH (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12788.

  VENGENCE. See

    ADAM-12. Log no. 94.

  THE VERTEBRATE ANIMALS. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  VICTIMS. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  VIEWS OF LONDON (Filmstrip) Perfection Form Co. 37 fr., color, 35 mm.
    © Perfection Form Co.; 30Sep70; JP12852.

  THE VIRGINIAN. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx.
    80 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. ©
    Universal City Studios, Inc.

    Black Jade. Credits: Producer, Paul Freeman; director, Joseph
      Pevney; writer, Herb Meadow. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure, Tim
      Matheson, Harper Flaherty, James Watson. © 31Dec69; LP38589.

    The bugler. Credits: Producer, Howard Christie; director, Tony
      Leader; writers, Jeb Rosebrook, Gerry Day. Cast: James Drury, John
      McIntire, Jeanette Nolan, Harper Flaherty, Michael Burns. ©
      19Nov69; LP38580.

    The family man. Credits: Producer, Paul Freeman; director, Joseph
      Pevney; writer, Arthur Heinemann. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure,
      Tim Matheson, Harper Flaherty, Darleen Carr. © 15Oct69; LP38591.

    A flash of darkness. Credits: Producer, Paul Freeman; director,
      Joseph Pevney; writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: James Drury, Doug
      McClure, John McIntire, Harper Flaherty, Tim Matheson. © 24Sep69;
      LP38581.

    The gift. Credits: Producer, James McAdams; director, Seymour
      Robbie; writer, Robert Van Scoyk. Cast: Tab Hunter, Julie Gregg,
      Frank Marth, Walter Burke, Doug McClure. © 18Mar70; LP38571.

    Halfway back from hell. Credits: Producer, James Duff McAdams;
      director, Michael Caffey; writer, Alvin Sapinsley. Cast: Doug
      McClure, William Windom, Del Monroe, Murray MacLeod, Chuck
      Courtney. © 1Oct69; LP38579.

    Holocaust. Credits: Producer, James Duff McAdams; director, Jeannot
      Szwarc; writers, McAdams & Robert Van Scoyk. Cast: Tony Franciosa,
      John McIntire, Harold J. Stone, Sean McClory, John Hoyt. ©
      28Feb70; LP38573.

    Home to Methuselah. Credits: Producer, Paul Freeman; director, Abner
      Biberman; writer, Jack Miller. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure,
      Sara Lane, Tim Matheson, Harper Flaherty. © 26Nov69; LP38586.

    Journey to Scathelock. Credits: Producer, James Duff McAdams;
      director, Seymour Robbie; writer, Alvin Sapinsley. Cast: James
      Drury, Tim Matheson, Ann Helm, Burr DeBenning. © 10Dec69; LP38583.

    A king's ransom. Credits: Producer, Paul Freeman; director, Joseph
      Pevney; writer, John D. F. Black. Cast: John McIntire, Patrick
      MacNee, Jackie De Shannon, Don Knight, Michael Pate. © 25Feb70;
      LP38575.

    Long ride home. Credits: Producer, James Duff McAdams; director,
      Charles Dubin; writer, Richard Fielder. Cast: James Drury, Doug
      McClure, Jeanette Nolan, John McIntire, Sara Land. © 17Sep69;
      LP38590.

    A love to remember. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure, John McIntire,
      Jeanette Nolan, Sara Lane. © 29Oct69; LP38584.

    Nightmare. Credits: Producer, Howard Christie; director, Robert
      Gist; writers, Gerry Day & Bethel Leslie. Cast: Joan Crawford,
      Michael Conrad, Steve Sandor, Warren Kemmerling, James Drury. ©
      21Jan70; LP38572.

    No war for the warrior. Credits: Producer, James Duff McAdams;
      director, Don McDougall; writers, Alvin Sapinsley, Robert Earll.
      Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure, Tim Matheson, Harper Flaherty,
      Charles Robinson. © 18Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38566.

    The power seekers. Credits: Producer, James Duff McAdams; director,
      Seymour Robbie; writer, Robert Van Scoyk. Cast: James Drury, Doug
      McClure, John McIntire, Jeannette Nolan, Andrew Prine. © 8Oct69;
      LP38578.

    Rich man, poor man. Credits: Producer, John Choy; director, Tony
      Leader; writer, Arthur Heinemann. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure,
      Sara Lane, Tim Matheson, Harper Flaherty. © 11Mar70; LP38576.

    The runaway. Credits: Producer, Norman MacDonnell; director, Anthony
      Leader; writer, Gerald Sanford. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure,
      Jeanette Nolan, John McIntire, Sara Lane. © 22Oct69; LP38588.

    The sins of the fathers. Credits: Producer, Howard Christie;
      director, Walter Doniger; writer, David P. Harmon. Cast: John
      McIntire, Robert Lipton, Tim McIntire, James Drury, William
      Lucking. © 4Mar70; LP38570.

    The substitute. Credits: Producer, Norman MacDonnell; director, Tony
      Leader; writer, Gerald Sanford. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure,
      Tim Matheson, Harper Flaherty, Ken Lynch. © 5Nov69; LF38585.

    A time of terror. Credits: Producer, Paul Freeman; director, Joseph
      Pevney; writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: John McIntire, Jeannette
      Nolan, Sara Lane, Tim Matheson, Joseph Lotten. © 11Feb70; LP38577.

    A touch of hands. Credits: Producer, Norman MacDonnell; director,
      Tony Leader; writer, John Dunkel. Cast: James Drury, Doug McClure,
      John McIntire, Jeannette Nolan, Sara Lane. © 3Dec69; LP38582.

    Train of darkness. Credits: Producer, James Duff McAdams; director,
      James Sheldon; writer, Robert Van Scoyk. Cast: Dennis Weaver,
      Charlotte Stewart, Gerald O'Loughlin, John Larch, Barbara Werle. ©
      4Feb70; LP38574.

    A woman of stone. Credits: Producer, Howard Christie; director,
      Abner Biberman; writer, Gerry Day. Cast: James Drury, Tim
      Matheson, Sara Lane, Bethel Leslie, Jane Actman. © 17Dec69;
      LP38587.

    You can lead a horse to water. Credits: Producer, Howard Christie;
      director, James Neilson; writer, Lois Hire. Cast: Doug McClure,
      Strother Martin, Elizabeth Hubbard, Noah Beery, Anthony Eisley. ©
      7Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38565.

  VISITOR. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  VITTORE CARPACCIO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14 fr.,
    color, 35 min.

    Credits: Arrangement & text, Carol A. Peterson.

    © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Feb67; JP12936.

  VOLUMETER. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21427.

  VON RICHTHOFEN AND BROWN. Corman Co. Released by United Artists Corp.
    97 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Gene Corman, director, Roger Corman; screenplay,
      John Corrington; music, Hugo Friedhofer; director of photography,
      Michael Reed; special effects supervisor, Peter Dawson; editors,
      George van Noy & Alan Collins.

    Cast: John Phillip Law, Don Stroud, Barry Primus, Karen Huston,
      Corin Redgrave.

    © Corman Co., Inc.; 26May71; LP39156.

  VOWELS AND THEIR SOUNDS. Journal Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Reading skills) Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Reinald
    Werrenrath, Jr.; 20Nov70; MP21165.


                                   W

  WALDEN. See

    LASSIE.

  WALK ON THE MOON. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 12, issue 1.

    WALKING. National Film Board of Canada. Released by Columbia
      Pictures Industries. 5 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Conceived & animated by Ryan Larkin; music, David Fraser,
      Pat Patterson & Christopher Nutter; animation photographer,
      William Wiggins & Raymond Dumas.

    © National Film Board of Canada; 1Dec69 (in notice: 1968); MP21136.

  WALLY: HIS WORK AND HIS LOVES (Operation blind doctor) George B.
    Wally. 54 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Narrator, George B. Wally.

    © George B. Wally; 1Feb71; MU8288.

  WALTER LANTZ BEARY FAMILY CARTUNE. See

    BUGGED IN A RUG.

    CHARLIE'S CAMPOUT.

    COOL IT, CHARLIE.

    GOPHER BROKE.

    JERKY TURKEY.

    MOUSE IN THE HOUSE.

    PASTE MAKES WASTE.

    WINDOW PAINS.

  WALTER LANTZ CHILLY WILLY CARTUNE. See

    CHILLER DILLERS.

    CHILLY AND THE LOONEY GOONEY.

    CHILLY AND THE WOODCHOPPER.

    HOT TIME ON ICE.

    OPERATION SHANGHAI.

    PROJECT REJECT.

    SLEEPY TIME BEAR.

    UNDER SEA DOGS.

  WALTER LANTZ WOODY WOODPECKER CARTUNE. See

    FAT IN THE SADDLE.

    FEUDIN, FIGHTIN-N-FUSSIN.

    HAVE GUN, CAN'T TRAVEL.

    HIGHWAY HECKLERS.

    HOOK, LINE AND STINKER.

    A LAD IN BAGDAD.

    LITTLE SKEETER.

    LOTSA LUCK.

    THE NAUTICAL NUT.

    ONE HORSE TOWN.

    A PECK OF TROUBLE.

    PHONEY PONY.

    PREHISTORIC SUPER SALESMAN.

    SECRET AGENT WOODY WOODPECKER.

    SHIP A'HOY WOODY.

    TUMBLE WEED GREED.

    WOODY THE FREELOADER.

    WOODY'S KNIGHT MARE.

  WAR PRIEST. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  WAREHOUSE AREA. See

    LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY.

  WARKILL. A Balut Production. Released by Universal Pictures Co. 100
    min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer, producer & director, Ferde Grofe, Jr.

    Cast: George Montgomery, Tom Drake, Conrad Parham, Eddie Infante &
      Henry Duval.

    © A Balut Production; 1Jun67; LP38807.

  WARM HEART. See

    [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  WARM HEART, COLD NOSE. See

    LASSIE.

  WARRIOR'S RETURN. See

    IRONSIDE.

  WASHINGTON IRVING. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES.

  WASHINGTON REFUSES A CROWN. See

    THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

  WATER CLOCK CART (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 38 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    EdMediaTec, Inc.; 1May71; JP13161.

  WATER POLLUTION, A COMPLEX PROBLEM. See

    AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.

  WATER TIGER BEETLE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21336.

  WATERCOLOR (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    Contents: Landscape. 51 fr.--Still life. 54 fr.--Figure and
    portrait. 50 fr. Appl. author: Gene S. Geeslin. © Visual Aids
    Studio, sole owner. Gene S. Geeslin; 15Jan71; JP12828.

  WATERCOLOR: HANDLING THE MEDIUM (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 47
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Gene S. Geeslin. © Visual Aids
    Studio, sole owner. Gene Smith Geeslin; 15Jan71; JP12830.

  WATERCOLOR: MATERIALS (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 44 fr., color,
    35 mm. Appl. author: Gene S. Geeslin. © Visual Aids Studio, sole
    owner, Gene S. Geeslin; 15Jan71; JP12829.

  WATERCOLORS. Davidson Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Arts and
    crafts for children) © Davidson Films; 1Oct70; MP21373.

  WATERFRONT. See

    LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY.

  WATERLOO. Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica. [England] Released in
    the U.S. by Paramount Pictures. 123 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision.

    Credits: Producer, Dino De Laurentiis; director, Sergei Bondarchuk;
      screenplay, H. A. L. Craig, Sergei Bondarchuk, Vittorio Bonicelli;
      music, N. S. Ovchinnikov, Wilfred Josephs; director of
      photography, Armando Nannuzio; film editors, Michael Shah Dayan,
      E. V. Michajlova.

    Cast: Rod Steiger, Christopher Plummer, Virginia McKenna, Orson
      Wells, Dan O'Herlihy.

    © Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica, S.P.A.; 27Oct70; LF74.

  THE WAY OF THE CROSS FOR CHILDREN TODAY (Filmstrip) Alpha Corp of
    America, Educational Division. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. With Teacher's
    guide & reading script, 6 p. Adapted from the booklet The way of the
    cross today for children, by Charles E. Jones.

    Credits: Director, D. J. D'Angelo.

    NM: all new except paintings & some photographs.

    © Alpha Corp. of America; 19Feb71; A223206.

  [WAYNE DOG FOOD TELEVISION COMMERCIAL] Allied Mills. Approx. 30 sec.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Allied Mills, Inc.

    Field dog. © 16Nov70; MP21495.

    New dog. © 16Nov70; MP21494.

    Slipper. © 16Nov70; MP21496.

  THE WAYS OF LOVE. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  WE AND THE LAW. Audio Visual Productions. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Executive producer & director, Salvatore T. Covino;
      photographer & editor, George F. Knoll; writers, George F. Knoll &
      Salvatore T. Covino.

    © Salvatore T. Covino; 6Jul71; LU3610.

  WE REMEMBER MAMA. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  WE WANT TO GO HOME. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  THE WEATHER. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  WEED. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made by Concept
    Films. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Concept Films; Inc.; 3Mar71;
    MP21567.

  WEEKEND. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  WEIGHING TECHNIQUES: TRIPLE BEAM BALANCE. Thorne Films. 5 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21425.

  WEST OF ROME. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  WESTERN CIVILIZATION. See

    THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.

  THE WHALES THAT FLEW. New York Zoological Society. 5000 ft., b&w. ©
    New York Zoological Society; 7Apr71; MU8313.

  WHAT AGE HAS DONE TO ENGLISH. See

    LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.

  WHAT ARE THESE THINGS. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT GOD (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 53 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 15Jun71; A250377.

  WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT THE ORDINANCES (Filmstrip) Broadman Films.
    53 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 15Jun71;
    A250376.

  WHAT CAN YOU DO. See

    MAKING IT.

  WHAT IS AIR. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  WHAT MAKES A TRUCK A TRUCK? (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division. Made
    by Jam Handy Organization. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12795.

  WHAT PEOPLE DO. See

    DO YOU KNOW.

  WHAT PRICE VALOR. See

    LASSIE.

  WHAT WILL YOU DO FOR ME. See

    HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.

  WHAT'S FUNNY ABOUT A BROKEN LEG. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  WHAT'S LIVING THERE. See

    SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

  WHAT'S SO BAD ABOUT FEELING GOOD? Universal Pictures. 103 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Techniscope. Suggested by the novel I am thinking of
    my darling, by Vincent McHugh.

    Credits: Producer & director, George Seaton; screen story &
      screenplay by George Seaton, Robert Pirosh; music supervision,
      Joseph Gershenson; lyrics & music, Jerry Keller, Dave Blume;
      director of photography, Ernesto Caparros; film editor, Alma
      Macrorie.

    Cast: George Peppard, Mary Tyler Moore, Dom De Luise, John McMartin,
      Susan Saint James.

    © Universal Pictures; 6Jul68; LP38821.

  WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE. See

    HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.

  WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH HELEN? Filmways & Raymax Productions. Released
    by United Artists Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, George Edwards; director, Curtis Harrington;
      screenplay, Henry Farrell; music, David Raksin; director of
      photography, Lucien Ballard; film editor, William H. Reynolds.

    Cast: Debbie Reynolds, Shelley Winters, Dennis Weaver, Agnes
      Moorehead, Michael MacLiammoir.

    © Filmways, Inc., Raymax Productions, Inc., Raven Productions, Inc.
      & Virgo International Pictures, Inc.; 9Jun71; LP39157.

  WHEEL CYLINDER SERVICE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 27 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, F-3A) Planned & written by
    Sheldon Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    15Dec69; JP12820.

  WHEN MR. TERRAPIN WENT RIDING IN THE CLOUDS. See

    MUSICAL ADVENTURES.

  WHEN THE KING'S ENGLISH CAME TO AMERICA. See

    LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.

  WHEN THE LEAVES FALL. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Universal Pictures; 1Feb68; LP38535.

  WHERE DOES IT COME FROM? (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm.

    Contents: 684-1--684-4; Where do we get our lumber? 49 fr.--Where do
      we get our milk? 49 fr.--Where do we get our paper? 50 fr.--Where
      do we get our bread? 48 fr.

    Credits: Author-photographer, Hal F. Riehle.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Apr71; JP13111-13114.

  WHERE HAS THE WARRIOR GONE? Centron Educational Films. 13 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Apr71; MP21471.

  WHERE THERE'S A WILL, THERE'S NO WAY. See

    THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

  WHERE'S POPPA? Where's Poppa Co. Released by United Artists Corp. 84
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel of the same title by
    Robert Klane.

    Credits: Producers, Jerry Tokofsky & Marvin Worth; director, Carl
      Reiner; screenplay, Robert Klane; music, Jack Elliott; film
      editors, Bud Molin & Chick Ciccolini.

    Cast: George Segal, Ruth Gordon, Ron Leibman, Tris Van Devere,
      Barnard Hughes.

    © Where's Poppa Co.; 10Nov70; LP38932.

  WHICH COMES FIRST? Dun & Bradstreet. Made by Audio Productions. 12
    min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Economics and the individual) © Dun &
    Bradstreet, Inc.; 4Feb71; MP21191.

  WHITE SAUCE. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice: 1969); MP21258.

  WHITEWATER. American National Red Cross. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    American National Red Cross; 26Jan71; MP21187.

  WHITEWATER FURY. See

    LASSIE.

  WHO IN THE WORLD? (Filmstrip) Graded Press. Made by Division of
    Curriculum Resources, General Board of Education, United Methodist
    Church. 69 fr., color, 35 mm. With Leader's guide & Reading script,
    18 p. Produced through Trafco. Written by Pauline Palmer Meek;
    illustrated by Richard Davis. © Graded Press; 1Sep70; A209764.

  WHO IS THIS GUY? (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12784.

  WHO KILLED WHO. See

    DRAGNET 1970.

  WHO PAYS THE FIDDLER. Centron Educational Films. 7 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Apr71; MP21590.

  WHY MONKEYS LIVE IN TREES. See

    CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.

  WHY PEOPLE BUY AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
    Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 57 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 25May71; JP13151.

  WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE? (Filmstrip) Cathedral Films. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With study guides and scripts, and cassettes. Based on
    the book by Evelyn Millis Duvall.

    Contents: Filmstrip: 1. The sexual revolution. 49 fr.--2. Man is
      more than an animal. 48 fr.--3. A more than private affair. 47
      fr.--4. A style all your own. 57 fr.--5. People who care. 48
      fr.--6. Wilt thou love? 42 fr.

    Credits: Executive producer, Edward D. Eagle; director, Jack L.
      Tyler; writer, Don Hall; graphic arts, Vaccaro Associates.

    © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 26Mar71; JP13195.

  WILD CHILD. See

    L'ENFANT SAUVAGE.

  THE WILD, WILD WEST. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Garrison Productions, Inc. ©
    Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    The night Dr. Loveless died. Credits: Producer, Bruce Lansbury;
      writer, Henry Sharp. Cast: Robert Conrad, Ross Martin. © 22Sep67;
      LP38517.

  WILDERNESS, A WAY OF LIFE. See

    A DAY IN THE SUN.

  WILL THE REAL PRINCE PLEASE GET LOST. See

    MAYA.

  WILLIE BOY. See

    TELL THEM WILLIE BOY IS HERE.

  WILT THOU LOVE. See

    WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.

  WIND POLLINATION. See

    HOW FLOWERS TRANSFER POLLEN.

  WINDING THE MOTOR (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    EdMediaTec, Inc.; 3Mar71; JP13074.

  WINDOW ON THE EAST. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Norman E. Gluck; director, Arthur Cohen;
      narration, Robert Cochran; narrator, Phil Tonkin; photographer,
      Josef Tejchman; editor, Ed Bartsch.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Jan66; LP38908.

  WINDOW PAINS. Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Beary Family cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline, Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford, Paul
      Frees.

    © Universal Pictures Co., Inc.; 1Jan66; LP38891.

  WINE AND THE MUSIC. See

    PIECES OF DREAMS.

  THE WINE IN YOUR LIFE. Wine Institute. Made by Roy Grandey
    Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Roy Grandey.
    Appl. states prev. reg. 13Apr68, MP18092. NM: revision. © Wine
    Institute; 26Sep68; MP21039.

  WINE IS FUN. Wine Institute. Made by Roy Grandey Productions. 3 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Roy Grandey. Appl. states prev.
    reg. 3Apr68, MP18092. NM: revision. © Wine Institute; 26Sep68;
    MP21036.

  WINE LAND OF AMERICA. Wine Institute. Made by Roy Grandey Productions.
    4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Roy Grandey. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 3Apr68, MP18092. NM: revision. © Wine Institute; 26Sep68;
    MP21037.

  WINGED RESCUE. See

    LASSIE.

  WINGS OF AN ANGEL. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE WINNING HAND (1971 Chrysler coming through for you vs. Buick &
    Oldsmobile) (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 60
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Jan71; JP12958.

  WINTER OF THE WITCH. Parents' Magazine Films. 22 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Based on Old black witch, by Wende & Harry Devlin. © Parents'
    Magazine Films, Inc., a Subsidiary of Parents' Magazine Enterprises,
    Inc.; 1May70 (in notice: 1969); LP38595.

  WITCHCRAFT '70. Trans American Films. 82 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A P.
    A. C. Caravel production. © Trans-American Films; 28Aug70; LP38506.

  WITH SIX YOU GET EGG ROLL. Cinema Center Films & Arwin Productions.
    Released by National General Pictures Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Producer, Martin Melcher; director, Howard Morris;
      screenplay, Gwen Bagni & others; directors of photography,
      Ellsworth Fredricks & Harry Stradling, Jr.; film editor, Adrienne
      Fazan.

    Cast: Doris Day, Brian Keith, Pat Carroll, Barbara Hershey, George
      Carlin.

    © Cinema Center Films; 26Jul68; LP39150.

  WITH THIS RING. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE WIZARD OF ABERDEEN. See

    DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

  WOLFGANG MOZART PLAYS FOR THE KING AND QUEEN. See

    MUSICAL ADVENTURES.

  WOMAN OF STONE. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  WONDERFUL WHIRLYBIRDS. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Norman Gluck; director, Arthur Cohen; writer,
      William E. O'Connell; narrator, Ed Herlihy.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Feb68; LP38533.

  WOOD SONG. Bal-Pan Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl.
    author: Albert Nathan Eisenberg a.k.a. Albert Nathan. © Bal-Pan
    Productions, Inc.; 23Dec70; MP21209.

  WOODY THE FREELOADER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.
    (A Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Homer Brightman; animators,
      Les Kline & Al Coe; voices, Dal McKennon & Grace Stafford; music,
      Walter Greene.

    © Universal Pictures; 1Apr68; LP38569.

  WOODY'S KNIGHT MARE. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
    Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

    Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
      Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler; Woody's
      voice, Grace Stafford.

    © Universal Pictures; 1May69; LP38549.

  WORD BUILDING. See

    UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

  WORD ORDER. See

    UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

  WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES. Group 2 (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) With Teacher's guide and reading scripts, 4 v.

    Contents: A201-5--201-8: New Orleans: Marketing community. 56
      fr.--San Francisco: Financial community. 52 fr.--Detroit:
      Manufacturing community. 54 fr.--Chicago: Transportation
      community. 59 fr.

    Credits: Author, Paul Meyer.

    © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 24Jul70; A236147.

  WORKING TOGETHER. See

    THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

  WORKING WITH EGG WHITES. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Aug70 (in notice:
    1969); MP21253.

  WORLD BIOMES. See

    INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

  WORLD HISTORY: THREE GREAT ERAS OF MANKIND (Filmstrip) Centron
    Educational Films. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: The Crusades, 1095-1272. 66 fr.--The Italian Renaissance,
      15th and 16th centuries. 79 fr.--The age of expansion. 78 fr.

    © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13061.

  THE WORLD OF ENRICO FERMI. Project Physics. 46 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    © Project Physics, Inc.; 5Jan70; LP38731.

  THE WORLD SINCE 1939 (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. 29 fr., color, 35
    mm. (The Human achievement, by Michael Petrovich & Philip D. Curtin,
    10) Appl. states prev. pub, 2Jan70, A123018. NM: additions. ©
    General Learning Corp.; 31Dec70; JP13221.

  WORLD STREETS AND AVENUES. Computer Image Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: John Rugg. Appl. states prev. reg. 29Dec69,
    MU8152. © Computer Image Corp.; 15May70; MP21143.

  WOULDN'T IT BE LOV-ER-LY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  WRAP, TIE & STITCH A LITTLE. Renie B. & Leland H. Conley. 6 min., sd.,
    b&w, Super 8 mm. © Renie B. & Leland H. Conley; 25Feb71; MU8289.

  WRITE IT UP! (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    27Nov70; JP12893.

  WRONG TIME, THE WRONG PLACE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  WRONG VENUS. See

    DON'T JUST STAND THERE.


                                   Y

  YESTERDAY DIED AND TOMORROW WON'T BE BORN. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  YOU CAN COMPOSE A DANCE. Pt. 1-2. Shirley Jean Winters. 2 motion
    pictures (10 min. each), si., b&w, 16 mm. © Shirley Jean Winters;
    10Feb71; MU8290-8291.

  YOU CAN LEAD A HORSE TO WATER. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  YOU CAN WIN MORE (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 20 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 8Feb71; JU12789.

  YOU CAN'T ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANT. Gaylynn Villines. 1 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Gaylynn Villines; 27May71; MU8331.

  YOU DISCOVER SAUDI ARABIA (Filmstrip) You Discover, Inc. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © You Discover, Inc.; 19Apr71; JP13170.

  YOU MAKE THE DIFFERENCE. Brigham Young University, Motion Picture
    Dept. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University;
    14Oct70 (in notice: 1971); LP38505.

  YOU MAY BE THE ONLY ONE (Filmstrip) Syntex Family Planning Educational
    Service. Made by Glenn Educational Films. 145 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Glenn Educational Films, Inc.; 1Feb69; JP13037.

  YOUR BODY'S NEEDS. See

    ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  YOUR FOOD--CHANCE OR CHOICE? (Filmstrip) National Dairy Council. Made
    by Reid H. Ray Film Industries. 107 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author:
    James Grant. © National Dairy Council; 15Apr69; JP13169.

  YOUR GROWTH INTO GREATNESS. Bestline Products. Made by M/M Film
    Productions. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Narrator, William E. Bailey.

    © M/M Film Productions, Inc.; 22Jan71; MP21401.

  YOUR PROSPECTS FOR SUCCESS. See

    HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.

  YOUR TAX DOLLAR (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 69 fr., b&w, 35 mm.
    (Filmstrip on current affairs, Apr. 1971) With kit. © New York Times
    Co.; 1Apr71; A229670.

  YOUTH INTERNATIONAL. See

    CBS REPORTS.


                                   Z

  ZOO WORLD OF ART. Young Horizons. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Charlotte Hackin.

    © Young Horizons, Inc.; 18Feb71; MU8304.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of motion pictures for which renewal
registrations were made during the period covered by this issue.
Information relating to both the original and the renewal registration
is included in each entry. References from variant titles and from
distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

  ACTION IN ARABIA, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    16Feb44; L12591. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71; R506034.

  ACTION IN THE NORTH ATLANTIC, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 12Jun43; L12095. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498966.

  AFTER MIDNIGHT WITH BOSTON BLACKIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 18Mar43; L12227. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 19Feb71; R500619.

  A HUNTING WE WON'T GO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    23Aug43; L12203. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71;
    R507442.

  AIR FORCE, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    20Mar43; L11920. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498955.

  ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 31Dec43; L12432. Universal Pictures, division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500422.

  THE ALL AMERICAN BANDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 22May43; M13599. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498987.

  ALONG THE CACTUS TRAIL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    2Apr44; M14902. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr71; R503768.

  AMAZING METROPOLIS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 31Dec43; M14364. Universal Pictures, division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500426.

  THE AMAZON AWAKENS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 11Apr44; M15379. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    5May71; R505401.

  AMPHIBIOUS FIGHTERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 2Jul43; M13734. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Mar71;
    R503004.

  AND THE ANGELS SING, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    20Apr44; L12680. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 23Apr71; R505090.

  ANDY HARDY'S BLONDE TROUBLE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. ©
    3Apr44; L171. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr71; R503766.

  ANIMAL TRICKS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    4Feb44; M14559. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503228.

  APPOINTMENT IN BERLIN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 15Jul43; L12149. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May71; R506405.

  AQUA THRILLS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (World of sports) © 28May43; M13747. Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc. (PWH); 19Apr71; R504416.

  THE ARISTO CAT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    25Jun43; M13698. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506492.

  ARMY SHOW, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 28Sep43;
    L12283. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71; R506508.

  AROUND THE WORLD, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    24Nov43; L12443. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499985.

  AT THE CAGE DOOR CANTEEN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    (Speaking of animals) © 25Jun43; L12123. National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Mar71; R502998.


                                   B

  BACK FROM THE FRONT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 30Mar43; L11943. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Feb71; R500613.

  BACKGROUND TO DANGER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 25Jun43; L12116. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498967.

  THE BARBER OF SEVILLE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 31Mar44; M14708.
    Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. &
    Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 10May71; R505602.

  THE BAREFOOT JUDGE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 4Feb44; M14558. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503227.

  BATHING BEAUTY; a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. © 29May44; L12696.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Jun71; R506848.

  BATMAN, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2 reels
    each. © Columbia pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Episode no.

    1. The electrical brain. © 16Jul43; L12638. 27May71; R506411.

    2. The bat's cave. © 23Jul43; L12530. 27May71; R506409.

    3. The mark of the zombies. © 30Jul43; L12531. 27May71; R506410.

    4. Slaves of the rising sun. © 6Aug43; L12538. 17Jun71; R507445.

    5. The living corpse. © 13Aug43; L12539. 17Jun71; R507446.

    6. Poison peril. © 20Aug43; L12540. 17Jun71; R507447.

    7. The phoney doctor. © 27Aug43; L12552. 17Jun71; R507448.

  THE BAT'S CAVE. See

    BATMAN. Episode no. 2.

  BATTY BASEBALL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Apr44;
    M14919. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Apr71; R504484.

  BEHIND THE BIG TOP, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    7Dec43; L12387. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506510.

  BIRDS ON THE WING; a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 24Aug43; M13877. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    17Jun71; R507452.

  BLAZING GUNS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    27Aug43; L12275. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498973.

  BLONDE AND GROOM, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    30Mar43; L11944. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Feb71;
    R5006l4.

  BOOBS IN THE NIGHT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 4May43; L12026. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr71;
    R504410.

  THE BOY FROM STALINGRAD, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 30Apr43; L12014. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Mar71; R502850.

  BROADWAY RHYTHM, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 4Jan44; L12542.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498554.

  THE BUTCHER OF SEVILLE, a photoplay.in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 7Jan44;
    L12919. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb71; R500602.


                                   C

  CALIFORNIA JOE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    16Dec43; L12409. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503513.

  CALLING DR. DEATH, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    10Dec43; L12419. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500417.

  CAMPUS RHYTHM, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    8Oct43; L12335. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498976.

  THE CANTERVILLE GHOST, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 29May44;
    L176. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Jun71; R506846.

  CANYON CITY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions, Inc. ©
    9Nov43; L12370. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503511.

  CAPTAIN AMERICA, CHAP. 1-3, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 31Dec43; L12461. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71;
    R503520.

  CARTOONS AIN'T HUMAN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    27Aug43; L12572. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506491.

  CASANOVA IN BURLESQUE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 21Dec43; L12410. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503514.

  THE CHAMPION OF JUSTICE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    17Mar44; M14673. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 24Mar71; R503181.

  CHAMPIONS TRAINING CHAMPIONS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 2Aug43; L12159. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506501.

  CHARLIE CHAN IN THE SECRET SERVICE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram
    Pictures Corp. © 8Jan44; L12543. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 1Apr71; R503820.

  CHILDHOOD DAYS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    10Jul43; M13723. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506512.

  CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCK, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 10Mar44; L12600. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505620.

  COBRA WOMAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    31Dec43; L12433. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500423.

  COLORFUL COLORADO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 2May44;
    M14843. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6May71; R505584.

  COMMANDO DUCK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    17Apr44; L13107. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 5May71; R505402.

  COMMUNITY SING, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 7, no.

    7. © 18Feb43; M13461. 20Jan71; R499246.

    10. © 8Jun43; M13645. 21May71; R506238.

    Series 8, no.

    1. © 29Jul43; M13811. 27May71; R506413.

    2. © 27Aug43; M13983. 17Jun71; R507453.

    7. © 26Mar43; M13409. 19Feb71; R500620.

    Series 9, no.

    7. © 29Apr43; M13522. 19Mar71; R502852.

  CONSTANT NYMPH, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    24Jul43; L12196. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498971.

  CONTRARY CONDOR, a photoplay in 1 reel Walt Disney Productions. ©
    13Mar44; L12631. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 31Mar71; R503667.

  COWBOY COMMANDOS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    30Apr43; L12015. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly known as
    Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 29Apr71; R505342.

  CRIME DOCTOR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    21Jun43; L12100. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21May71;
    R506233.

  CRIME DOES NOT PAY SUBJECT. See

    PATROLLING THE ETHER.

  CRY HAVOC, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 4Jan44; L12519.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498550.

  THE CURSE OF THE CAT PEOPLE, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio
    Pictures. © 17Feb44; L12595. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71;
    R506035.


                                   D

  DANCING ROMEO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 3May44; L178.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6May71; R505579.

  DANGER ON DOME ROCK. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chapter 13.

  A DAY IN DEATH VALLEY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    18Jan44; M14612. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Jan71; R498859.

  A DAY IN JUNE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 3Mar44; L12941.
    CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 24Mar71; R503180.

  DAYS OF GLORY, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    19Apr44; L12786. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71; R506040.

  DEATH STRIKES AT SEVEN. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chapter 10.

  DEATH VALLEY RANGERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 29Oct43; L12339. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498978.

  DEERSLAYER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. © 28Oct43;
    L12371. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503512.

  DESERT SONG, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    30Nov43; L12464. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498983.

  THE DESPERADOES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    12Feb43; L11859. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan71;
    R499233.

  DESTINATION TOKYO, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    1Jan44; L12406. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498982.

  DIVING DAREDEVILS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. (World of sports) © 26Feb43; M13423. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan71; R499245.

  DIZZY DETECTIVES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    5Feb43; L11960. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan71;
    R499240.

  DIZZY NEWSREEL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 13Aug43;
    L12229. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71; R507443.

  DONALD DUCK AND THE GORILLA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 11Feb44; L12702. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    11Mar71; R502195.

  THE DOOR THAT HAS NO KEY. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chapter 14.

  DRUMS OF FU MANCHU, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    12Oct43; L12327. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503507.

  DUDE RANCH BUCKAROOS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 16Sep43; M13939. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506514.

  DUTY AND THE BEAST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 13May43;
    L12048. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr71; R504412.


                                   E

  EAGLE VERSUS DRAGON, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 31Dec43; L12596. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500424.

  EASY LIFE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew's. © 24May44; L91.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24May71; R506459.

  EDGE OF DARKNESS, a photoplay in 13 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    24Apr43; L11994. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498959.

  THE ELECTRICAL BRAIN. See

    BATMAN. Episode no. 1.


                                   F

  THE FALCON AND THE CO-EDS, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio
    Pictures. © 11Nov43; L12450. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71;
    R499988.

  THE FALCON OUT WEST, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    17Mar44; L12706. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71; R506036.

  FANNIE HURST AND HER PETS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 12Nov43; M14153. Universal Pictures, division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500436.

  FARMER FOR A DAY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    13Aug43; L12185. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71;
    R507438.

  FELLOW ON A FURLOUGH, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 13Mar44; L12599. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505619.

  THE FIGHTING BUCKAROO, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 1Feb43; L11926. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Jan71; R499238.

  FIND THE BLACKMAILER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 6Nov43; L12359. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498979.

  FIRST COMES COURAGE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 29Jul43; L12150. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May7l; R506406.

  THE FLY IN THE OINTMENT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    23Jul43; L12404. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27May71;
    R506408.

  FOLLOW THE BOYS, a photoplay in 13 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    31Mar44; L12601. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505621.

  FREDDIE FISHER AND HIS BAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner
    Bros. Pictures. © 15Jan44; M14416. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 24May71; R506524.

  THE FROG AND THE PRINCESS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    7Apr44; M14814. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 15Apr71; R504409.

  FRONTIER FURY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    15May43; L12053. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr71;
    R504413.


                                   G

  THE GANG'S ALL HERE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 24Dec43; L12471. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 22Jan71; R499497.

  GANGWAY FOR TOMORROW, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    17Nov43; L12452. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499990.

  GASLIGHT, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 5May44; L170.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6May71; R505578.

  THE GHOST RIDER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    2Apr43; L11989. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 31Mar71;
    R504017.

  THE GHOST SHIP, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    10Dec43; L12442. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499984.

  GOING MY WAY, a photoplay in 14 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    25Feb44; L13471. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 1Mar71; R502741.

  GOOD LUCK, MR. YATES, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 21Jun43; L12101. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21May71; R506234.

  GOVERNMENT GIRL, a photoplay in 94 min. by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    18Nov43; L12445. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499986.

  GRAND CANYON, PRIDE OF CREATION, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's.
    © 18Jan44; M14421. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Jan71;
    R498858.

  A GREAT DAY'S COMING, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Apr44;
    L166. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Apr71; R504481.

  THE GREAT MOMENT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    6Jun44; L12836. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 18Jun71; R507506.

  THE GREATEST MAN IN SIAM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 7Feb44; M14557. Universal
    Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz
    Productions (PWH); 30Mar71; R503226.

  GREETINGS BAIT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    22May43; M13602. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R500665.

  GREY WHITE AND BLUE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 25Jun43; M13697. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R500667.

  GROOVIE MOVIE, a photoplay in 848 ft. by Loew's. © 6Apr44; L191.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Apr71; R504135.

  GUN TO GUN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    17Jan44; L12446. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506511.

  A GUY NAMED JOE, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 18Jan44; L12564.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Jan71; R498857.


                                   H

  HAIL THE CONQUERING HERO, a photoplay in 11 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 5Jun44; L12808. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Jun71; R507505.

  HAIL TO THE RANGERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 19Jul43; L12139. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May71; R506401.

  HAPPY BIRTHDAZE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    16Jul43; L12190. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498970.

  HAPPY-GO-NUTTY, a photoplay in 668 ft. by Loew's. © 22Jun44; L229.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Jun71; R508043.

  HAPPY TIMES & JOLLY MOMENTS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 27Jul43; L12145. United Artist Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506500.

  THE HARD WAY, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    26Jun43; L12117. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498968.

  HAT CHECK HONEY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    10Mar44; L12576. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505612.

  HE CAN'T MAKE IT STICK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    20Jul43; L12141. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27May71;
    R506403.

  THE HEAVENLY BODY, a photoplay in 5 reels by Loew's. © 4Jan44; L12526.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498552.

  THE HELICOPTER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 21Jan44;
    M14829. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb71; R500603.

  HENRY ALDRICH, BOY SCOUT; a photoplay in 7 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 4Feb44; L12489. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Mar71; R502738.

  HENRY ALDRICH HAUNTS A HOUSE, a photoplay by Paramount Pictures. ©
    11Dec43; L12393. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 8Feb71; R499500.

  HENRY ALDRICH PLAYS CUPID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 9Jun44; L12712. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Jun71; R507502.

  HENRY ALDRICH'S LITTLE SECRET, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 7Jun44; L12773. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Jun71; R507504.

  HER HONOR THE MARE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    26Nov43; L12413. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506489.

  HER PRIMITIVE MAN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    17Mar44; L12578. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505614.

  HERE COMES ELMER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    5Oct43; L12328. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503508.

  HERE COMES KELLY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    30Jul43; L1216l. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503811.

  HERE COMES MR. ZERK, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 20Jul43; L12140. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May71; R506402.

  HI GOOD-LOOKIN', a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    17Mar44; L12577. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505613.

  HIGHER AND HIGHER, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    22Dec43; L12451. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499989.

  HIGHER THAN A KITE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 27Jul43; L12144. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May71; R506404.

  HIS GIRL'S WORST FRIEND, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 13Apr43; L11971. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Mar71; R502845.

  HISS AND MAKE UP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    31Oct49 (in notice: 1943); M4647. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 24May71; R506499.

  HIT PARADE OF THE GAY NINETIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner
    Bros. Pictures. © 29Nov43; M14241. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 24May71; R506521.

  HITLER GANG, a photoplay in 11 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 16Jun44;
    L12715. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    18Jun71; R507503.

  HOME MAID, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Feb44; L190.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Feb71; R501295.

  THE HOPEFUL DONKEY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 17Dec43;
    L12935. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498431.

  HOTEL RESERVE, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    31Dec43; L334. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Mar71; R500896.

  HOUR BEFORE THE DAWN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    24Mar44; L12645. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 23Apr71; R505089.

  HOW TO PLAY FOOTBALL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 19Feb44; L13103. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    11Mar71; R502196.

  HOW TO PLAY GOLF, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    14Jan44; L12676. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 4Feb71; R499804.

  THE HUNGRY GOAT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    25Jun43; L12122. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498969.

  HUNTING THE DEVIL CAT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 10Jan44; M14392. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506523.


                                   I

  I CAN HARDLY WAIT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    13Aug43; L12186. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71;
    R507439.

  I ESCAPED FROM THE GESTAPO, a photoplay in 9 reels by Monogram
    Pictures Corp. © 23Apr43; L11991. Allied Artists Pictures Corp.,
    formerly k.a. Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 19Apr71; R504691.

  I LOVE A SOLDIER, a photoplay in 11 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    14Jun44; L13191. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 18Jun71; R507507.

  I SPIED FOR YOU, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    27Apr43; L11998. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71;
    R502848.

  THE IMMORTAL BLACKSMITH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 17May44;
    L245. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17May71; R506296.

  IMPORTANT BUSINESS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 27Apr44; L228.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6May71; R505580.

  THE IMPOSTOR, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    7Feb44; L12504. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503220.

  IN CURRENT EVENTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    (Speaking of animals) © 7May43; L12050. National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Mar71; R503000.

  IN OLD OKLAHOMA, a photoplay in 11 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    13Oct43; L12329. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503509.

  INNERTUBE ANTICS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 18Jan44; L222.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Jan71; R498856.

  INTO THE CLOUDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 31Jan44; M14443. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506526.

  THE IRON MAJOR, a photoplay in 11 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    27Oct43; L12435. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499983.


                                   J

  JACK WABBIT & BEANSTALK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
    © 7Jul43; M13718. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506493.

  JASPER'S MUSIC LESSON, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    31May43; L12068. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Mar71;
    R502999.

  JOHNNY COME LATELY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Cagney Productions. ©
    3Sep43; L12377. Richard Feiner & Co., Inc. (PWH); 22Jun71; R507612.

  A JOLLY GOOD FURLOUGH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    23Apr43; L12039. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498961.

  JUMP, FISH, JUMP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. (The World of sports, no. 89. © 25Jun43; M14314. Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21May71; R506240.


                                   K

  THE KID IN UPPER 4, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 4Jan44; L12541.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498553.

  KINDLY SCRAM, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 5Mar43; L11956.
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Feb71; R500615.

  KING OF THE ARCHERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 9Oct43; M14021. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506517.

  KINGS OF BASKETBALL; a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. (The World of sports) © 17Aug43; M13848. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71; R507450.

  KNICKERBOCKER HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 9 reels by Producers Corp. of
    America. © 17Mar44; L12615. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH);
    15Apr71; R504044.

  KNICKERBOCKER HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 9 reels by Producers Corp, of
    America. © 17Mar44; L12615. Principal Film Exchange, Inc. (PWH);
    29Apr71; R505331.


                                   L

  LADIES COURAGEOUS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    10Mar44; L12580. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505616.

  LADY IN THE DARK; a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    9Feb44; L12686. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 1Mar71; R502740.

  LAW OF THE NORTHWEST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 22Mar43; L11921. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Feb71; R500611.

  LAW RIDES AGAIN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    18Jun43; L12103. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503810.

  LET'S HAVE FUN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    16Feb43; L11884. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan71;
    R499235.

  LITTLE ISLES OF FREEDOM, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 8Feb43; L11837. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498951.

  LITTLE RED RIDING RABBIT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone
    Corp. © 17Jan44; M14415. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506495.

  LIVING CORPSE. See

    BATMAN. Episode 5.

  LOWELL THOMAS' MAGIC CARPET OF MOVIETONE. See

    A VOLCANO IS BORN.


                                   M

  MACKINAC ISLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Feb44;
    M421. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Feb71; R501297.

  MAGAZINE MODEL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    4Feb44; M14556. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503225.

  A MAID MADE MAD, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    19Mar43; L11972. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Feb71;
    R500616.

  MAIN STREET TODAY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew's. © 30Mar44; L258.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71; R503764.

  THE MAN KILLERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    29May43; L12069. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498964.

  THE MARK OF THE ZOMBIES. See

    BATMAN. Episode no. 5.

  MARRY-GO-ROUND, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    31Dec43; L12431. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506490.

  THE MASKED MARVEL, CHAP. 1-12, a photoplay in 25 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 6Nov43; L12459. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71;
    R503518.

  MASS MOUSE MEETING, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 8Jun43;
    L12092. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21May71; R506232.

  MEATLESS FLYDAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    30Dec43; M14465. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506497.

  MEET THE PEOPLE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 23Mar44; L175.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Mar71; R503205.

  MELODY GARDEN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    15Mar44; L12597. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505617.

  MELODY PARADE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    15Jul43; L12207. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503812.

  MEN WORKING TOGETHER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 1Jul43; M14315. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May71; R506414.

  MERCHANT CONVOY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 11Jun43; M13682. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21May71; R506239.

  MIGHTY MOUSE MEETS JEKYLL AND HYDE CAT, a photoplay in 1 reel by
    Terrytoons. © 28Apr44; L12694. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 7May71;
    R505535.

  THE MILLION DOLLAR CAT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 20Apr44;
    L12683. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Apr71; R504858.

  MINE OF MISSING MEN. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chapter 12.

  MISSION TO MOSCOW, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    22May43; L12064. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498963.

  MRS. LOWELL THOMAS--FUR FARMER, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Universal Pictures Co. © 4Feb44; M14560. Universal Pictures, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503229.

  MOON OVER LAS VEGAS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 31Mar44; L12579. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505615.

  MOONLIGHT IN VERMONT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 15Dec43; L12422. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500420.

  THE MORE THE MERRIER, a photoplay in 12 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 15Apr43; L11979. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Mar71; R502846.

  MOUNTAIN FIGHTERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    21Sep43; L12264. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506503.

  THE MUMMY'S GHOST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    31Dec43; L12421. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500419.

  MURDER IN TIMES SQUARE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 19Mar43; L11918. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Feb71; R500609.

  MURDER ON THE WATERFRONT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 25Sep43; L12284. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498974.

  MY BOY JOHNNY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 12May44;
    M14905. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 27May71; R506399.

  MY BOY JOHNNY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 12May44; L12693.
    CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 27May71; R506398.

  MY WIFE'S AN ANGEL, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 11Jun43; L12105. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21May71; R506235.

  THE MYSTERIOUS DOCTOR, a photoplay in 6 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 8Mar43; L11898. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498954.

  MYSTERY BROADCAST, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions,
    Inc. © 7Oct43; L12326. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503506.

  MYSTERY OF THE 13TH GUEST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 24Sep43; L12388. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    1Apr71; R503815.


                                   N

  A NATION DANCES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    25Sep43; L12282. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506507.

  NEARLY EIGHTEEN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    1Oct43; L12289. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503814.

  NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1
    reel each. © Hearst Metrotone News, Inc. (PWH)

    v. 15, issue no.

    206. © 1Oct43; M14092. 20Jan71; R499118.

    207. © 6Oct43; M14112. 20Jan71; R499119.

    208. © 8Oct43; M14113. 20Jan71; R499120.

    209. © 13Oct43; M14121. 20Jan71; R499121.

    210. © 15Oct43; M14122. 20Jan71; R499122.

    211. © 19Oct43; M14141. 20Jan71; R499123.

    212. © 22Oct43; M14142. 20Jan71; R499124.

    213. © 27Oct43; M14182. 20Jan71; R499125.

    214. © 29Oct43; M14183. 20Jan71; R499126.

    215. © 3Nov43; M14242. 20Jan71; R499127.

    216. © 5Nov43; M14243. 20Jan71; R499128.

    217. © 10Nov43; M14262. 20Jan71; R499129.

    218. © 12Nov43; M14263. 20Jan71; R499130.

    219. © 17Nov43; M14285. 20Jan71; R499131.

    220. © 19Nov43; M14286. 20Jan71; R499132.

    221. © 24Nov43; M14299. 20Jan71; R499133.

    222. © 26Nov43; M14300. 20Jan71; R499134.

    223. © 1Dec43; M14351. 20Jan71; R499137.

    224. © 3Dec43; M14352. 20Jan71; R499138.

    225. © 8Dec43; M14345. 20Jan71; R499135.

    226. © 10Dec43; M14346. 20Jan71; R499136.

    227. © 15Dec43; M14393. 20Jan71; R499139.

    228. © 17Dec43; M14394. 20Jan71; R499140.

    229. © 22Dec43; M14418. 20Jan71; R499141.

    230. © 24Dec43; M14419. 20Jan71; R499142.

    231. © 29Dec43; M14426. 20Jan71; R499143.

    232. © 31Dec43; M14427. 20Jan71; R499144.

    233. © 5Jan44; M14450. 15Apr71; R504539.

    234. © 7Jan44; M14451. 15Apr71; R504540.

    235. © 12Jan44; M14466. 15Apr71; R504541.

    236. © 14Jan44; M14467. 15Apr71; R504542.

    237. © 19Jan44; M14481. 15Apr71; R504543.

    238. © 21Jan44; M14482. 15Apr71; R504544.

    239. © 26Jan44; M14494. 15Apr71; R504545.

    240. © 28Jan44; M14495. 15Apr71; R504546.

    241. © 2Feb44; M14541. 15Apr71; R504547.

    242. © 4Feb44; M14542. 15Apr71; R504548.

    243. © 9Feb44; M14572. 15Apr71; R504549.

    244. © 11Feb44; M14573. 15Apr71; R504550.

    245. © 16Feb44; M14585. 15Apr71; R504551.

    246. © 18Feb44; M14586. 15Apr71; R504552.

    247. © 23Feb44; M14613. 15Apr71; R504553.

    248. © 25Feb44; M14614. 15Apr71; R504554.

    249. © 1Mar44; M14657. 15Apr71; R504555.

    250. © 3Mar44; M14658. 15Apr71; R504556.

    251. © 8Mar44; M14682. 15Apr71; R504557.

    252. © 10Mar44; M14683. 15Apr71; R504558.

    253. © 15Mar44; M14698. 15Apr71; R504559.

    254. © 17Mar44; M14699. 15Apr71; R504560.

    255. © 22Mar44; M14739. 15Apr71; R504562.

    256. © 24Mar44; M14724. 15Apr71; R504561.

    257. © 29Mar44; M14782. 15Apr71; R504563.

    258. © 31Mar44; M14783. 15Apr71; R504564.

  NO PLACE FOR A LADY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 11Feb43; L11860. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Jan71; R499234.

  NORTHERN PURSUIT, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    13Nov43; L12363. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498980.


                                   O

  O, MY DARLING CLEMENTINE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 15Nov43; L12545. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71;
    R503521.

  OKLAHOMA OUTLAWS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    4Sep43; L12238. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506502.

  OKLAHOMA RAIDERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    31Dec43; L12424. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500421.

  OLD ACQUAINTANCE, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    27Nov43; L12401. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498981.

  ON THE ROAD TO MONTERREY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    31Mar44; M534. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71; R503765.

  OUR AFRICAN FRONTIER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 28Sep43; L12281. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506506.

  OUR ALASKAN FRONTIER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 15Jan44; M14417. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506525.

  OUR GANG. See

    RADIO BUGS.

  OVERLAND MAIL ROBBERY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions,
    Inc. © 20Oct43; L12369. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503510.

  OZZIE NELSON AND HIS ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner
    Bros. Pictures. © 27Mar43; M13405. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 22Jan71; R500664.


                                   P

  PASSPORT TO DESTINY, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    25Feb44; L12586. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71; R506033.

  PASSPORT TO SUEZ, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    12Aug43; L12386. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71;
    R507444.

  PATROLLING THE ETHER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew's. (A crime does
    not pay subject) © 13Apr44; L212. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH);
    14Apr71; R504483.

  PETE SMITH SPECIALTY. See

    SPORTSMAN'S MEMORIES.

  PHANTOM LADY, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    7Feb44; L12505. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503221.

  PHONEY DOCTOR. See

    BATMAN. Episode 7.

  PISTOL PACKIN' MAMA, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    15Dec43; L12457. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503517.

  PLENTY BELOW ZERO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 23Apr43;
    L12049. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R502851.

  POISON PERIL. See

    BATMAN. Episode 6.

  POWER OF THE PRESS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 13Aug43; L12188. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    17Jun71; R507440.

  THE PRACTICAL JOKER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 7Jan44;
    L12518. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498549.

  PRIDE OF THE PLAINS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    17Dec43; L12411. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503515.

  PRINCESS O'ROURKE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    23Oct43; L12336. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498977.

  PROF. SMALL AND MR. TALL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    26Mar43; L11977. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Feb71;
    R500617.


                                   Q

  QUACK SERVICE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp, ©
    3Aug43; L12202. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71;
    R507441.


                                   R

  RADIO BUGS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. (Our gang) © 19Mar44;
    L235. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R502934.

  RAIDERS OF SUNSET PASS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 20Dec43; L12460. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71;
    R503519.

  RATION FER THE DURATION, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 28May43; L12076. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498965.

  RATIONED RHYTHM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    4Jun43; M13657. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Mar71;
    R503003.

  RATIONING, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 22Jan44; L12503.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Jan71; R499441.

  REAR GUNNER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    17Apr43; L11981. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498958.

  REDHEAD FROM MANHATTAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 30Apr43; L12013. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Mar71; R502849.

  REVEILLE WITH BEVERLY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 4Feb43; L11858. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Jan71; R499232.

  REVENGE OF THE ZOMBIES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 6Aug43; L12266. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    1Apr71; R503813.

  RIDERS OF THE NORTHWEST MOUNTED, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 15Feb43; L11927. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 20Jan71; R499239.

  ROBIN HOOD OF THE RANGE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 29Jul43; L12403. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May71; R506407.

  ROD AND REEL ON ANTICOSTI ISLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner
    Bros. Pictures. © 15May43; M13573. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 22Jan71; R498986.

  ROOKIES IN BURMA, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    10Dec43; L12449. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499987.

  ROVERS RANGERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    29May43; M13616. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R500666.

  RULES OF THE NAUTICAL ROAD, a motion picture in 2 reels by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 25Jan44; M14434. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    4Feb71; R499805.


                                   S

  SADDLES AND SAGEBRUSH, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 23Mar43; L11928. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Feb71; R500612.

  SARONG GIRL, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    30Apr43; L12038. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498960.

  SATAN IN THE SADDLE. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chapter 11.

  SCREEN SNAPSHOTS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 22, 1942/43.

    7. © 26Feb43; M13511. 20Jan71; R499247.

    8. © 31Mar43; M13523. 19Feb71; R500622.

    9. © 4May43; M13529. 19Apr71; R504415.

    10. © 8Jun43; M13644. 21May71; R506237.

    Series 23, 1943/44.

    1. © 15Aug43; M14039. 17Jun71; R507454.

    2. © 23Aug43; M13876. 17Jun71; R507451.

  SCREWBALL SQUIRREL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 2Apr44; L189.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr71; R503767.

  SEE HERE, PRIVATE HARGROVE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. ©
    14Feb44; L174. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Feb71; R501294.

  SEEIN RED, WHITE 'N BLUE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 13Feb43; L11880. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498952.

  SEVEN DAYS ASHORE, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    25Apr44; L12707. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71; R506037.

  SHE HAS WHAT IT TAKES, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 22Mar43; L11919. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Feb71; R500610.

  A SHIP IS BORN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    28Sep43; L12280. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506505.

  SHOE SHINE BOY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew's. © 4Jan44; L12517.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498548.

  SHOT IN THE ESCAPE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 6Aug43; L12771. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jun71;
    R507449.

  SHOW BUSINESS, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    10May44; L12709. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71; R506039.

  SILVER SKATES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    29Jan43; L11951. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498957.

  SING A JINGLE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    15Dec43; L12418. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500416.

  SKI SOLDIERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (World of sports) © 26Mar43; M13483. Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc. (PWH); 19Feb71; R500621.

  SLAVES OF THE RISING SUN. See

    BATMAN. Episode 4.

  SLIGHTLY TERRIFIC, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    31Mar44; L12626. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505622.

  SMART GUY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 5Nov43;
    L12389. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71; R503816.

  SNOW SPORTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    27Jul43; M13788. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506513.

  SOCKS APPEAL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    19Feb43; L11999. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan71;
    R499242.

  SOMETHING TO SHOUT ABOUT, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 4Feb43; L11885. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Jan71; R499236.

  SOMEWHERE, U.S.A., a photoplay in 916 ft. by Loew's. © 21Jun44; L211.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Jun71; R508042.

  THE SONG OF BERNADETTE, a photoplay in 17 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 25Dec43; L12692. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 22Jan71; R499498.

  SONG OF RUSSIA, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 4Jan44; L12520.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498551.

  SONG OF THE OPEN ROAD, a photoplay in 10 reels by Charles R. Rogers
    Talking Pictures Corp. © 2Jun44; L12729. Film Archives Trading Co.
    (PWH); 7Jun71; R507035.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS. See

    AT THE CAGE DOOR CANTEEN.

    IN CURRENT EVENTS.

  SPOOK LOUDER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    2Apr43; L11984. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71;
    R502847.

  SPORTSMAN'S MEMORIES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. (A Pete Smith
    specialty) © 13Apr44; L259. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3May71;
    R505076.

  SPRINGTIME FOR PLUTO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 20May44; L13102. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    7Jun71; R506986.

  SPY TRAIN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    28May43; L12089. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503809.

  STANDING ROOM ONLY, a photoplay by Paramount Pictures. © 7Jan44;
    L12546. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    8Feb71; R499501.

  STARS AND VIOLINS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    16Mar44; L12598. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505618.

  STARS ON HORSEBACK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 4Oct43; M14006. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506516.

  STORY OF DR. WASSELL, a photoplay in 15 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    1Apr44; L13472. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 23Apr71; R505091.

  THE STRANGER FROM PECOS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 10May43; L12056. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly
    known as Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 5May71; R505627.

  THE SULTAN'S DAUGHTER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 12Jan44; L12610. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    1Apr71; R503821.

  SUPER RABBIT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 19Jul43;
    M13761. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71; R500668.

  SWEENEY STEPS OUT, a motion picture in 10 min. by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 28Sep43; M13986. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506515.

  SWEEPING OARS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (World of sports) © 29Jul43; M13810. Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc. (PWH); 27May71; R506412.

  SWEET SWING, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    7Feb44; L12508. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503223.

  SWEETHEART SERENADE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 4Nov43; M14105. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506518.

  SWEETHEART SERENADE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 7Dec43; M14261. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506522.

  SWEETHEARTS OF THE U.S.A., a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 6Jan44; L12465. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    1Apr71; R503818.

  SWINGTIME JOHNNY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    31Dec43; L12420. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500418.


                                   T

  TALE OF A DOG, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Apr44; L221.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Apr71; R504482.

  TARZAN TRIUMPHS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Principal Artists
    Productions. © 12Jan43; L11970. NGC Television, Inc., former name
    Banner Productions, Inc. (PWH); 28Dec70; R498517.

  TENDER COMRADE, a photoplay in 11 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    19Dec43; L12590. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb71; R499991.

  THANK YOUR LUCKY STARS, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 9Oct43; L12303. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498975.

  THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A SOLDIER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen
    Gems. © 26Feb43; L12002. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Jan71; R499243.

  THIS IS YOUR ENEMY, a motion picture in 2 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 1Feb43; M13224. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498984.

  THREE CHEERS FOR THE GIRLS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 12May43; L12052. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498962.

  THREE LITTLE TWIRPS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 4May43; L12027. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr71;
    R504411.

  THREE MEN IN WHITE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 26Apr44;
    L12671. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6May71; R505582.

  TIN PAN ALLEY CATS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    26Jul43; M13787. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506494.

  TOM TURK & DAFFY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    14Feb44; M14480. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506498.

  TOO WEAK TO WORK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    26Mar43; L11938. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498956.

  TORTOISE WINS BY A HARE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    23Feb43; L11874. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498953.

  TRAITOR'S SHROUD. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chapter 9.

  TREE FOR TWO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 21Jun43; L12166.
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21May71; R506236.

  THE TREE SURGEON, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 17May44; L226.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17May71; R506295.

  TROMBONE TROUBLE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    4Jan44; L12636. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 4Feb71; R499803.

  TROPICAL SPORTLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 8Nov43; M14120. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    24May71; R506520.

  TRUCK BUSTERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    6Feb43; L11845. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498950.

  TUMBLE BUGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    14May43; M13606. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Mar71;
    R503002.

  TWO GIRLS AND A SAILOR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Loew's. © 5May44;
    L12649. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6May71; R505581.

  TWO SAPLINGS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    5Mar43; L12104. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Feb71;
    R500618.

  TWO SENORITAS FROM CHICAGO, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 27May43; L12067. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 19Apr71; R504414.


                                   U

  THE UNBEARABLE BEAR, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    1May43; M13528. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498988.

  THE UNINVITED, a photoplay by Paramount Pictures. © 6Jan44; L12566.
    Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Feb71;
    R499502.

  UNITED STATES ARMY BAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 13May43; M13566. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    22Jan71; R498985.

  UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
    Pictures, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH)

    v. 16.

    246. © 2Dec43; M14370. 7Jan71; R500427.

    247. © 7Dec43; M14371. 7Jan71; R500428.

    248. © 9Dec43; M14372. 7Jan71; R500429.

    249. © 14Dec43; M14373. 7Jan71; R500430.

    250. © 16Dec43; M14374. 7Jan71; R500431.

    251. © 21Dec43; M14505. 7Jan71; R500432.

    252. © 23Dec43; M14506. 7Jan71; R500433.

    253. © 28Dec43; M14507. 7Jan71; R500434.

    254. © 30Dec43; M14508. 7Jan71; R500435.

    255. © 4Jan44; M14509. 16Feb71; R500298.

    v. 17.

    256. © 6Jan44; M14510. 16Feb71; R500299.

    257. © 11Jan44; M14511. 16Feb71; R500300.

    258. © 13Jan44; M14512. 16Feb71; R500301.

    259. © 18Jan44; M14513. 16Feb71; R500302.

    260. © 20Jan44; M14514. 16Feb71; R500303.

    261. © 25Jan44; M14619. 16Feb71; R500304.

    262. © 27Jan44; M14620. 16Feb71; R500305.

    263. © 1Feb44; M14621. 30Mar71; R503230.

    264. © 3Feb44; M14622. 30Mar71; R503231.

    265. © 8Feb44; M14623. 30Mar71; R503232.

    266. © 10Feb44; M14624. 30Mar71; R503233.

    267. © 15Feb44; M14625. 30Mar71; R503234.

    268. © 17Feb44; M14626. 30Mar71; R503235.

    269. © 22Feb44; M14627. 30Mar71; R503236.

    270. © 24Feb44; M14628. 30Mar71; R503237.

    271. © 29Feb44; M14629. 30Mar71; R503238.

    272. © 2Mar44; M14630. 10May71; R505601.

    273. © 7Mar44; M14709. 10May71; R505603.

    274. © 9Mar44; M14710. 10May71; R505604.

    275. © 13Mar44; M14713. 10May71; R505607.

    276. © 16Mar44; M14714. 10May71; R505608.

    277. © 21Mar44; M14715. 10May71; R505609.

    278. © 23Mar44; M14716. 10May71; R505610.

    279. © 28Mar44; M14711. 10May71; R505605.

    280. © 30Mar44; M14712. 10May71; R505606.

  UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-4, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
    Pictures. © 30Apr43; M13524. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
    (PWH); 8Mar71; R503001.

  UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-5, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
    Pictures. © 9Jul43; M13740. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
    (PWH); 8Mar71; R503005.

  UP IN ARMS, a photoplay in 105 min. by Avalon Productions. © 2Mar44;
    L12594. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PWH & PCW); 16Apr71;
    R504565-504566.


                                   V

  THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN, a series of photoplays by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 2 reels each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH)

    Chapter

    8. When the devil drives. © 5Feb43; L11855. 20Jan71; R499229.

    9. The traitor's shroud. © 12Feb43; L11856. 20Jan71; R499230.

    10. Death strikes at seven. © 12Feb43; L11857. 20Jan71; R499231.

    11. Satan in the saddle. © 26Feb43; L11902. 20Jan71; R499237.

    12. The mine of missing men. © 5Mar43; L11903. 19Feb71; R500605.

    13. Danger on Dome Rock. © 8Mar43; L11904. 19Feb71; R500606.

    14. The door that has no key. © 10Mar43; L11905. 19Feb71; R500607.

    15. © 12Mar43; L11906. 19Feb71; R500608.

  VAUDEVILLE DAYS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
    © 28Sep43; L12279. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506504.

  VISITING ST. LOUIS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 18Jan44;
    M14935. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Jan71; R498860.

  THE VITAMIN G-MAN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 5Feb43;
    L11975. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan71; R499241.

  VOICE THAT THRILLED THE WORLD, a motion picture in 2 reels by Warner
    Bros. Pictures. © 4Nov43; M14106. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 24May71; R506519.

  A VOLCANO IS BORN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 24Dec43;
    M14787. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 22Jan71; R499499.


                                   W

  WAGON WHEELS WEST, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    8Nov43; L12360. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506509.

  WATCH ON THE RHINE, a photoplay in 114 min. by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 4Sep43; L12239. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R498972.

  WEEK-END PASS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    7Feb44; L12506. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503222.

  WEIRD WOMAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    10Mar44; L12575. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10May71; R505611.

  WESTWARD BOUND, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    3Dec43; L12402. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503817.

  WHAT A MAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    3Jan44; L12488. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503819.

  WHAT'S BUZZIN', COUSIN? A photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 8Jul43; L12132. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27May71; R506400.

  WHAT'S COOKIN' DOC? A motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    27Jan44; M14442. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71;
    R506496.

  WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chapter 8.

  WHISPERING FOOTSTEPS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 30Nov43; L12412. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71; R503516.

  THE WHITE CLIFFS OF DOVER, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. ©
    25Apr44; L12695. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6May71; R505583.

  WHY DADDY? A photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 17May44; L12682.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17May71; R506297.

  WILD HORSE STAMPEDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
    © 16Apr43; L11990. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 1Apr71;
    R503807.

  WILLOUGHBY'S MAGIC HAT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    2Apr43; L11959. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar71;
    R502844.

  WINGS IN RECORD TIME, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 31Dec43; M14363. Universal Pictures, division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan71; R500425.

  WINGS OVER THE PACIFIC, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 21May43; L12066. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    1Apr71; R503808.

  WOLF IN THIEF'S CLOTHING, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 12Feb43; L12118. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Jan71; R499244.

  WOMEN IN SPORTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 23Feb43; M13288. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Jan71;
    R500663.

  WOOD PECKIN', a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 6Aug43;
    L12189. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 24May71; R506488.

  WORLD OF SPORTS. See

    AQUA THRILLS.

    DIVING DAREDEVILS.

    JUMP, FISH, JUMP.

    KINGS OF BASKETBALL.

    SKI SOLDIERS.

    SWEEPING OARS.

  WORLD'S YOUNGEST AVIATOR, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 4Feb44; M14555. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar71; R503224.

  THE WRECK OF THE HESPERUS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    11Feb44; M14844. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb71; R500604.


                                   Y

  YELLOW CANARY, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio British
    Productions. © 13Apr44; L12708. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 14May71;
    R506038.

  YOKEL DUCK MAKES GOOD, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 26Nov43;
    L12920. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan71; R498430.

  YOU CAN'T RATION LOVE; a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    24Feb44; L12637. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 1Mar71; R502739.


                                   Z

  THE ZOOT CAT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Feb44; L220.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Feb71; R501296.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                               NAME INDEX


An index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing companies,
sponsors, and authors given in the main entries. Below each name are the
titles under which the main entries are to be found. Renewal
registrations are identified by the symbol (R).


                                   A

 AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
   ROCK AND ROLL WITH THE SAFETY PATROL.

 A & M Films.
   JOE COCKER: MAD DOGS & ENGLISHMEN.

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN.

 ABT Associates, Inc.
   AFRO-CITY: ABEOKUTA, NIGERIA.

 ACI Films, Inc.
   THE FLUTTERBYE.

 A. P. Productions, Inc.
   FACE TO FACE.

 ATD, Inc.
   CLEAN UP YOUR LANGUAGE.

 A-V Corp. Teaching Films, Inc.
   SEE Teaching Films, Inc.

 Abbott, Sheldon.
   DRUM LATHE OPERATION.
   MASTER CYLINDER SERVICE.
   SERVICING THE BENDIX DUO-SERVO BRAKE.
   WHEEL CYLINDER SERVICE.

 Academy Films, Inc.
   JAPAN.

 Adam-12 Productions.
   ADAM-12.

 Aegis Productions.
   CANCER CHEMOTHERAPY (SOLID TUMORS)

 Aetna Life & Casualty.
   CRASH AVOIDANCE.
   THE DECISION IS YOURS.
   DRIVING--OR DRIVEN.
   IDENTIFY, PREDICT, DECIDE, EXECUTE.
   SEPARATING AND COMPROMISING RISKS.

 Aids to Motivation.
   BOARD PROPOSALS AND COUNTER PROPOSALS.
   ESSENTIAL INGREDIENTS OF A NEGOTIATIONS AGREEMENT.
   EVALUATING TEACHER DEMANDS.

 Aims Instructional Media Services, Inc.
   DINOSAURS, THE TERRIBLE LIZARDS.

 Albion Film Corp.
   THE SECRET WAR OF HARRY FRIGG.

 Alderman Studios, Inc.
   LEGS: A SYSTEM OF INDIVIDUALIZED INSTRUCTION FOR NURSING EDUCATION.

 Alfran Productions, Inc.
   MAKING IT.

 All-Film Enterprises, Inc.
   MARITAL FULFILLMENT.

 Allen, Irwin.
   LAND OF THE GIANTS.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corp.
   COWBOY COMMANDOS. (R)
   THE GHOST RIDER. (R)
   I ESCAPED FROM THE GESTAPO. (R)
   THE STRANGER FROM PECOS. (R)

 Allied Mills, Inc.
   [WAYNE DOG FOOD TELEVISION COMMERCIAL]

 Allstate Insurance Co.
   K-12.

 Allyn Distributing Co.
   INTRODUCING.

 Alpha Corp. of America.
   BLOOD OF THE LAMB.
   TOGETHER FOR LIFE.
   THE WAY OF THE CROSS FOR CHILDREN TODAY.

 Alpha Corp. of America. Educational Division.
   BLOOD OF THE LAMB.
   THE WAY OF THE CROSS FOR CHILDREN TODAY.

 Alpha Films.
   THE DOWNTOWN SWAMI'S CHILDREN.

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   L.A. 53.
   PEOPLE: BRINGING LIFE TO THE CITY.
   TO SAVE OUR ENVIRONMENT: CONSERVATION.

 American Cancer Society, Inc.
   CANCER CHEMOTHERAPY (SOLID TUMORS)
   CANCER OF THE URINARY SYSTEM.
   THE FRED STEINMARK STORY.
   I'LL BUY THAT.
   THE MARGUERITE PIAZZA STORY.
   NURSING MANAGEMENT OF THE PATIENT WITH HEAD AND NECK CANCER.
   RADIATION THERAPY IN THE MANAGEMENT OF CANCER.
   RECOVERY AFTER MASTECTOMY.
   A SALUTE TO VOLUNTEERS.

 American College of Cardiology.
   CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE: PATHOPHYSIOLOGY AND TREATMENT.

 American Film Institute.
   THE NATIONAL FLOWER OF BROOKLYN.

 American International Pictures.
   THE VAMPIRE LOVERS.

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   A BULLET FOR PRETTY BOY.

 American International Productions.
   ANGEL UNCHAINED.
   CRY OF THE BANSHEE.
   THE VAMPIRE LOVERS.

 American Lutheran Church.
   GREAT STORIES--BIBLE STORIES.

 American Lutheran Church. Dept. of TV/Radio/Films.
   GREAT STORIES--BIBLE STORIES.

 American Management Assn., Inc.
   CASE STUDY.
   CONCEPTS OF MANAGEMENT.
   CUSTOMER COMMUNICATION.
   CUSTOMER RELATIONS.
   MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION AND JOB DESCRIPTIONS.
   ORGANIZATION.
   PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL.
   THE PLANNED SALES CALL.
   PRE-CALL PLANNING.
   THE PROBLEM-SOLVING SALESMAN.
   SELLING WITH VISUALS.
   STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE.
   TIME AND TERRITORY MANAGEMENT.
   USING PSYCHOLOGY IN SELLING.

 American National Red Cross.
   WHITEWATER.

 American Personnel & Guidance Assn.
   CARL ROGERS CONDUCTS AN ENCOUNTER GROUP.
   CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP.

 American Retail Federation.
   THERE OUGHT TO BE A LAW.

 Amicus Productions, Ltd.
   THE HOUSE THAT DRIPPED BLOOD.

 Anderson (Dale) Productions.
   OPERATION CONTROL.

 Anderson, Gerry.
   JOURNEY TO THE FAR SIDE OF THE SUN.

 Anderson, Maxwell.
   ANNE OF THE THOUSAND DAYS.

 Anderson, Sylvia.
   JOURNEY TO THE FAR SIDE OF THE SUN.

 Appleton-Century-Crofts.
   HELP FOR MARK.

 Appleton-Century Crofts, Inc.
   BORN TO SUCCEED: BEHAVIORAL PROCEDURES FOR EDUCATION.

 Arena Productions, Inc.
   THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

 Aries Films, Inc.
   A NEW LEAF.

 Arlorio, Giorgio.
   BURN.

 Arnaz (Desi) Productions, Inc.
   THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW.

 Arno Press.
   THE COLOR OF JUSTICE.

 Art & Nature.
   CAMERA AND SHOT.
   EYE AND CAMERA.
   FRAGMENTING THE SCENE.
   SHOT AND SCENE.

 Arwin Productions.
   WITH SIX YOU GET EGG ROLL.

 Ascot Productions, Inc.
   THERE'S A GIRL IN MY SOUP.

 Association of American Geographers.
   A COMPARISON: JAPAN AND NORTH AMERICA.
   GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE.

 Astrafilms, Inc.
   SOLVING IMPASSES IN EDUCATIONAL NEGOTIATIONS.

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   JERUSALEM, CENTER OF MANY WORLDS.
   NEGRO HEROES FROM AMERICAN HISTORY.
   NEGRO KINGDOMS OF AFRICA'S GOLDEN AGE.

 Atwood, Ann.
   HAIKU: A PHOTOGRAPHIC INTERPRETATION.

 Audio Productions.
   BIG DAY TOMORROW.
   CROSSROADS.
   ELEMENTS OF MANAGING FOR RADIOLOGISTS.
   GROUND WATER: THE HIDDEN RESERVOIR.
   OF DOLLARS AND SENSE.
   SOMETHING FOR A RAINY DAY.
   WHICH COMES FIRST.

 Audio Visual productions.
   WE AND THE LAW.

 Audiovisual Service, Boy Scouts of America. SEE Boy Scouts of America.
    Audiovisual Service.

 AuViCation, Inc.
   SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

 Avalon Productions, Inc.
   UP IN ARMS. (R)

 Avi Associates, Inc.
   THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.


                                   B

 Bal-Pan Productions, Inc.
   WOOD SONG.

 A Balut Production.
   WARKILL.

 Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn., San Francisco.
   THE CARE AND HEEDING OF A V.I.P.
   CUSTOMER IDENTIFICATION IN OPENING NEW ACCOUNTS.
   HOLDS FOR UNCOLLECTED FUNDS.
   LITTLE THINGS, LITTLE THINGS.
   RED CARPET FAST TELLER SERVICE.

 Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn., San Francisco.
    Marketing Dept.
   THE CARE AND HEEDING OF A V.I.P.
   LITTLE THINGS, LITTLE THINGS.

 Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn., San Francisco. Training
    Dept.
   CUSTOMER IDENTIFICATION IN OPENING NEW ACCOUNTS.
   HOLDS FOR UNCOLLECTED FUNDS.
   RED CARPET FAST TELLER SERVICE.

 Banner Productions, Inc.
   SEE NGC Television, Inc.

 Barnett, S. H.
   DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

 Baron, John G.
   CHARLIE CHANSTEIN MEETS THE WILD BUNCH: JOHN & MARY & BOB & CAROL &
      TED & ALICE.

 Barr, Richard.
   THE BOYS IN THE BAND.

 Barrett, William E.
   PIECES OF DREAMS.

 Bartel, Paul.
   NAUGHTY NURSE.

 Bartlett, Hall.
   CHANGES.

 Bartlett (Hall) Inc.
   CHANGES.

 Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Tex.
   ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE.

 Beast of Blood Co.
   BEAST OF BLOOD.

 Behrens Co., Inc.
   FRIENDS.

 Bell (Clark) Films.
   THOSE ANIMALS ON THE FARM.

 Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc.
   THE THINKING ??? MACHINES.

 Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc. Film Unit.
   THE THINKING ??? MACHINES.

 Beneficial Corp.
   [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Benziger, Inc.
   RELIGION, MONTESSORI AND THE HOME.

 Berry (Raymond) Associates.
   THERE'S A CATCH TO IT.

 Bestline Products, Inc.
   YOUR GROWTH INTO GREATNESS.

 Better Management Methods.
   SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

 Betzer Productions, Inc.
   THERE OUGHT TO BE A LAW.

 Big Fights, Inc.
   JACK JOHNSON.

 Board of Trustees, Livingston Free Public Library.
   SEE Livingston Free Public Library (N.J.) Board of Trustees.

 Bond, Elizabeth.
   PEG'S BATIKS.

 Bowen, Catherine Drinker.
   THE MUSIC LOVERS.

 Bowmar Pub. Corp.
   MINIBIKES.
   MOTORCYCLE RACING.
   SNOWMOBILES.
   VW BUGS.

 Bowmar Records, Inc.
   CHILDREN'S SONGS.
   A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.
   MINIBIKES.
   MOTHER GOOSE SONGS.
   MOTORCYCLE RACING.
   SNOWMOBILES.
   VW BUGS.

 Bowmar Records, Inc.
   SEE Bowmar Pub. Corp.

 Boy Scouts of America.
   THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND SCOUTING.
   THE COST OF SCOUTING.
   THE CUB SCOUT ROUNDTABLE.
   CUB SCOUT UNIFORM MAKES YOUR PACK GO.
   THE KEY TO SUCCESS.
   MORE MONEY--LESS TIME.
   TAKE IT FROM CHARLIE.
   TROOP MEETING TONIGHT.

 Boy Scouts of America. Audiovisual Service.
   CUB SCOUT UNIFORM MAKES YOUR PACK GO.
   THE KEY TO SUCCESS.
   MORE MONEY--LESS TIME.
   TAKE IT FROM CHARLIE.

 Bradford, Richard.
   RED SKY AT MORNING.

 Bratton, Otis L.
   A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

 Breen, Myles P.
   PEG'S BATIKS.

 Breitenbach, William J.
   INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN.

 Bresee, Frank.
   PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH.

 Bresee (Frank) Productions, Inc.
   PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH.

 Brigade Productions, Inc.
   SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL GUNFIGHTER.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.
   BATON TECHNIQUES FOR CHURCH CHORAL CONDUCTORS.
   LOVE AT HOME.
   SUPERVISORY TECHNIQUES.
   YOU MAKE THE DIFFERENCE.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah. Motion Picture Dept.
   BATON TECHNIQUES FOR CHURCH CHORAL CONDUCTORS.
   LOVE AT HOME.
   SUPERVISORY TECHNIQUES.
   YOU MAKE THE DIFFERENCE.

 Brighton Pictures, Inc.
   THE MCKENZIE BREAK.

 Brigitte Films, Ltd.
   MUMSY, NANNY, SONNY & GIRLY.

 Bristol Pictures, Inc.
   THE SCALPHUNTERS.

 Broadman Films.
   AFRICAN WITNESS.
   THE CENTURIES OF DECLINE.
   DEVELOPING A PLAN FOR CHURCH ADVANCE.
   THE GROWTH OF THE EARLY CHURCH.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE BIBLE.
   MESSAGES FROM FIRST CENTURY CHRISTIANS.
   PLANNING AND CONDUCTING A VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL.
   TELLING GOOD NEWS IN AFRICA.
   VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL JOINT SERVICE.
   WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT GOD.
   WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT THE ORDINANCES.

 Brodsky-Gould Productions.
   LITTLE MURDERS.

 Budd (Billy) Films, Inc.
   HOLY SMOKE.

 Budek (Herbert E.) Films & Slides.
   ANDREA DEL SARTO.
   ANDREA MANTEGNA.
   ANTONELLO DA MESSINA.
   BENOZZO GOZZOLI.
   CANALETTO.
   CARAVAGGIO.
   CARLO CRIVELLI.
   CLAUDE LORRAIN.
   COSIMO TURA.
   FILIPPINO LIPPI.
   FRANCESCO GUARDI.
   GENTILE DA FABRIANO.
   GIORGIONE.
   GIOVANNI BELLINI.
   GIOVANNI DI PAOLO.
   ITALIAN MANNERISTS.
   JEAN BAPTISTE COROT.
   LORENZO LOTTO.
   MASACCIO.
   MASOLINO DA PANICALE.
   PAOLO UCCELLO.
   PAOLO VERONESE.
   PIERO DELLA FRANCESCA.
   PIERO DI COSIMO.
   PIETRO LONGHI.
   RAPHAEL.
   SANDRO BOTTICELLI.
   TINTORETTO.
   TITIAN.
   VITTORE CARPACCIO.

 Buena Vista Distribution Co., Inc.
   THE BAREFOOT EXECUTIVE.

 Burkhardt, Harold D.
   AND YOU GAVE ME.


                                   C

 CBS Enterprises, Inc.
   THE BUTCHER OF SEVILLE. (R)
   THE CHAMPION OF JUSTICE. (R)
   A DAY IN JUNE. (R)
   THE FROG AND THE PRINCESS. (R)
   THE HELICOPTER. (R)
   THE HOPEFUL DONKEY. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE MEETS JEKYLL AND HYDE CAT. (R)
   MY BOY JOHNNY. (R)
   THE WRECK OF THE HESPERUS. (R)
   YOKEL DUCK MAKES GOOD. (R)

 CBS Films, Inc. Terrytoons.
   SEE Terrytoons.

 CBS Television Sales, Inc. Terrytoons.
   SEE Terrytoons.

 Cable Tray Division, Unistrut Corp.
   SEE Unistrut Corp. Cable Tray Division.

 Cabrera, Patricia Heffernan-.
   SEE Heffernan-Cabrera, Patricia.

 Cagney Productions, Inc.
   JOHNNY COME LATELY. (R)

 Cahill (Charles) & Associates.
   DINOSAURS, THE TERRIBLE LIZARDS.

 California Sports, Inc.
   SEE Fight of the Champions.

 Cameo Productions.
   GREAT STORIES - BIBLE STORIES.

 Campanile Productions, Inc.
   BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID.

 Campus Film Productions, Inc.
   RADIATION THERAPY IN THE MANAGEMENT OF CANCER.
   RECOVERY AFTER MASTECTOMY.

 Cantrell Illustrations.
   THE CABLE CAR STORY.

 Cantrell, Lea Ann.
   THE CABLE CAR STORY.

 Caroff, Jill.
   GREEN.

 Carolina Biological Supply Co.
   THE LIVERWORTS.
   PINE LIFE CYCLE.

 Carrickford Productions, Ltd.
   SIERRA LEONE.

 Castle Advertising Agency, Inc.
   STEAM-A-WAY.

 Cathedral Films, Inc.
   CRISIS IN THE MINISTRY.
   THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.
   A MATTER OF CONSCIENCE.
   SMOKEY BEAR AND LITTLE MARCY.
   WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.

 Catholic Committee on Scouting.
   THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND SCOUTING.

 Centron Corp., Inc.
   AGE OF EXPLORATION AND EXPANSION.
   CAVE ECOLOGY.
   JOBS IN THE CITY.
   LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.
   WHERE HAS THE WARRIOR GONE.
   WHO PAYS THE FIDDLER.
   WORLD HISTORY: THREE GREAT ERAS OF MANKIND.

 Centron Educational Films.
   AGE OF EXPLORATION AND EXPANSION.
   CAVE ECOLOGY.
   JOBS IN THE CITY: DISTRIBUTION.
   LANGUAGE: THE MIRROR OF MAN'S GROWTH.
   WHERE HAS THE WARRIOR GONE.
   WHO PAYS THE FIDDLER.
   WORLD HISTORY: THREE GREAT ERAS OF MANKIND.

 Chang, Wah.
   DINOSAURS, THE TERRIBLE LIZARDS.

 Cherokee Productions.
   SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL GUNFIGHTER.

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 Christopher, John.
   NO BLADE OF GRASS.

 Chrysler Corp.
   AUTO TEMP II.
   COMING THROUGH IN STATION WAGONS.
   THE COMPARE CHART.
   COMPARISON SHOPPING.
   CONTROLLING ENGINE TEMPERATURE.
   CRICKET.
   CURE THE CAUSE.
   DEMON'S WORTH MORE.
   A DODGE TRUCK COMPARADRAMA.
   EVOLUTION OF THE CLEANER AIR SYSTEM.
   FOR THE WAGON PEOPLE, CORONET.
   FUELS, LUBRICANTS & FLUIDS.
   HERE COMES CRICKET; AN INTRODUCTION TO DODGE COLT.
   KEEP A GOOD THING GOING.
   THE LONG & SHORT OF IT.
   LOOK AT ALL THREE.
   LOOK AT THE DIFFERENCE.
   LOST SALE ANALYSIS.
   A NAME'S NOT ENOUGH.
   1971 CHARGER VS. TORINO 500 AND CHEVELLE MALIBU.
   [1971 CORONET VS. MALIBU & TORINO BROUGHAM]
   [1971 DART SWINGER VS. NOVA]
   1971 DODGE & CHEVROLET LIGHT-DUTY TRUCKS.
   1971 DUSTER VS. MAVERICK, WHAT FITS YOU BEST.
   [1971 DUSTER VS. NOVA]
   1971 SATELLITE VS. TORINO.
   P-DQ.
   SAFETY'S NO ACCIDENT.
   A SENSE OF OWNERSHIP.
   SHIFT QUALITY AND LINKAGE ADJUSTMENT.
   TAKE TIME.
   THAT EXTRA SOMETHING.
   TORQUEFLITE DIAGNOSIS.
   THE VALUE LEADER.
   WHY PEOPLE BUY AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT.
   THE WINNING HAND.
   WRITE IT UP.

 Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.
   THE CASE OF THE RELUCTANT TRADER.
   KEEP A GOOD THING GOING.
   LOST SALE ANALYSIS.
   A SENSE OF OWNERSHIP.
   TAKE TIME.
   THAT EXTRA SOMETHING.
   WHY PEOPLE BUY AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT.
   WRITE IT UP.

 Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Chvany, Peter J.
   CAMERA AND SHOT.
   EYE AND CAMERA.
   FRAGMENTING THE SCENE.
   SHOT AND SCENE.

 Cine Mark, division of Krebs Productions, Inc.
   SEE Krebs Productions, Inc. Cine Mark.

 Cinema Center Films.
   HAIL, HERO.
   ME, NATALIE.
   RIO LOBO.
   THE ROYAL HUNT OF THE SUN.
   WITH SIX YOU GET EGG ROLL.

 Cinema Center Films, Inc.
   SCROOGE.

 Cinemedia, Inc.
   INNER-CITY SIMULATION LABORATORY.

 Cinerama, Inc.
   FOLLOW ME.
   GOODBYE GEMINI.
   THE HOUSE THAT DRIPPED BLOOD.
   SAY HELLO TO YESTERDAY.
   THE STATUE.

 Cinerama International Releasing Organization.
   GOODBYE GEMINI.

 Cinerama Releasing Corp.
   CHANGES
   THE FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS.
   THE HOUSE THAT DRIPPED BLOOD.
   MUMSY, NANNY, SONNY & GIRLY.
   SAY HELLO TO YESTERDAY.
   THE STATUE.

 Claude Productions, Inc.
   THE DEAN MARTIN SHOW.

 Coca-Cola Co.
   ALL EYES ON YOU.
   MAN IN HIS ENVIRONMENT.
   SHOTPUT AND DISCUS.

 Cockrell Corp.
   OPERATION CONTROL.

 Collier-Macmillan-Canada Films.
   GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE.

 Columbia British Productions, Ltd.
   THE BUTTERCUP CHAIN.
   THE RECKONING.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   CBS REPORTS.
   GUNSMOKE.
   HAWAII FIVE-O.
   MY THREE SONS.
   THE WILD, WILD WEST.

 Columbia Films, S.A.
   THE LADY IN THE CAR WITH GLASSES AND A GUN.

 Columbia Pictures.
   THE ANDERSON TAPES.
   BROTHER JOHN.
   THE BROTHERHOOD OF SATAN.
   THE BUTTERCUP CHAIN.
   LES CHOSES DE LA VIE.
   DOCTORS' WIVES.
   DOMICILE CONJUGAL.
   FLIGHT OF THE DOVES.
   HUSBANDS.
   THE LADY IN THE CAR WITH GLASSES AND A GUN.
   THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS.
   THE RECKONING.
   SERAFINO.
   THERE'S A GIRL IN MY SOUP.

 Columbia Pictures Corp.
   AFTER MIDNIGHT WITH BOSTON BLACKIE. (R)
   APPOINTMENT IN BERLIN. (R)
   AQUA THRILLS. (R)
   BACK FROM THE FRONT. (R)
   BATMAN. (R)
   BIRDS ON THE WING. (R)
   BLONDE AND GROOM. (R)
   BOOBS IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   THE BOY FROM STALINGRAD. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   CRIME DOCTOR. (R)
   THE DESPERADOES. (R)
   DIVING DAREDEVILS. (R)
   DIZZY DETECTIVES. (R)
   FARMER FOR A DAY. (R)
   FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS.
   THE FIGHTING BUCKAROO. (R)
   FIRST COMES COURAGE. (R)
   FRONTIER FURY. (R)
   GOOD LUCK, MR. YATES. (R)
   HAIL TO THE RANGERS. (R)
   HERE COMES MR. ZERK. (R)
   HIGHER THAN A KITE. (R)
   HIS GIRL'S WORST FRIEND. (R)
   I CAN HARDLY WAIT. (R)
   I SPIED FOR YOU. (R)
   JUMP, FISH, JUMP. (R)
   KINGS OF BASKETBALL.
   LAW OF THE NORTHWEST. (R)
   LET'S HAVE FUN. (R)
   A MAID MADE MAD. (R)
   MEN WORKING TOGETHER. (R)
   MERCHANT CONVOY. (R)
   THE MORE THE MERRIER. (R)
   MURDER IN TIMES SQUARE. (R)
   MY WIFE'S AN ANGEL. (R)
   NO PLACE FOR A LADY. (R)
   PASSPORT TO SUEZ. (R)
   QUACK SERVICE. (R)
   REDHEAD FROM MANHATTAN. (R)
   REVEILLE WITH BEVERLY. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE NORTHWEST MOUNTED. (R)
   ROBIN HOOD OF THE RANGE. (R)
   SADDLES AND SAGEBRUSH. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   A SEVERED HEAD.
   SHE HAS WHAT IT TAKES. (R)
   SHOT IN THE ESCAPE. (R)
   SKI SOLDIERS. (R)
   SOCKS APPEAL. (R)
   SOMETHING TO SHOUT ABOUT. (R)
   SPOOK LOUDER. (R)
   SWEEPING OARS. (R)
   10 RILLINGTON PLACE.
   THREE LITTLE TWIRPS. (R)
   TWO SAPLINGS. (R)
   TWO SENORITAS FROM CHICAGO. (R)
   THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. (R)
   WHAT'S BUZZIN', COUSIN. (R)
   WOLF IN THIEF'S CLOTHING. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   AFTER MIDNIGHT WITH BOSTON
   BLACKIE. (R)
   A HUNTING WE WON'T GO. (R)
   APPOINTMENT IN BERLIN. (R)
   AQUA THRILLS. (R)
   BACK FROM THE FRONT. (R)
   BATMAN. (R)
   BIRDS ON THE WING.
   BLONDE AND GROOM. (R)
   BOOBS IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   THE BOY FROM STALINGRAD. (R)
   BROTHER JOHN.
   CENTRAL PARK.
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   CRIME DOCTOR. (R)
   THE DESPERADOES. (R)
   DIVING DAREDEVILS. (R)
   DIZZY DETECTIVES. (R)
   DIZZY NEWSREEL. (R)
   DUTY AND THE BEAST. (R)
   ETUDE EN 21 POINTS.
   FARMER FOR A DAY. (R)
   THE FIGHTING BUCKAROO. (R)
   FIRST COMES COURAGE. (R)
   THE FLY IN THE OINTMENT. (R)
   FRONTIER FURY. (R)
   GOOD LUCK, MR. YATES. (R)
   HAIL TO THE RANGERS. (R)
   HE CAN'T MAKE IT STICK. (R)
   HERE COMES MR. ZERK. (R)
   HIGHER THAN A KITE. (R)
   HIS GIRL'S WORST FRIEND. (R)
   I CAN HARDLY WAIT. (R)
   I SPIED FOR YOU. (R)
   JUMP, FISH, JUMP. (R)
   KINDLY SCRAM. (R)
   KINGS OF BASKETBALL.
   LAW OF THE NORTHWEST. (R)
   LET'S HAVE FUN. (R)
   A MAID MADE MAD. (R)
   MASS MOUSE MEETING. (R)
   MEN WORKING TOGETHER. (R)
   MERCHANT CONVOY. (R)
   THE MORE THE MERRIER. (R)
   MURDER IN TIMES SQUARE. (R)
   MY WIFE'S AN ANGEL. (R)
   NO PLACE FOR A LADY. (R)
   PASSPORT TO SUEZ. (R)
   PLENTY BELOW ZERO. (R)
   POWER OF THE PRESS. (R)
   PROF. SMALL AND MR. TALL. (R)
   QUACK SERVICE. (R)
   REDHEAD FROM MANHATTAN. (R)
   REVEILLE WITH BEVERLY. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE NORTHWEST MOUNTED. (R)
   ROBIN HOOD OF THE RANGE. (R)
   SADDLES AND SAGEBRUSH. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SERAFINO.
   SHE HAS WHAT IT TAKES. (R)
   SHOT IN THE ESCAPE. (R)
   SKI SOLDIERS. (R)
   SOCKS APPEAL. (R)
   SPOOK LOUDER. (R)
   SWEEPING OARS. (R)
   THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A SOLDIER. (R)
   THREE LITTLE TWIRPS. (R)
   TREE FOR TWO. (R)
   TWO SAPLINGS. (R)
   TWO SENORITAS FROM CHICAGO. (R)
   THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. (R)
   THE VITAMIN G-MAN. (R)
   WALKING.
   WHAT'S BUZZIN', COUSIN. (R)
   WILLOUGHBY'S MAGIC HAT. (R)
   WOLF IN THIEF'S CLOTHING. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Screen Gems.
   SEE Screen Gems.

 Comco Productions, Inc.
   CENTRAL PARK.

 Communication Skills Corp.
   BASIC INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY.

 Communications Group West.
   ON YOUR MARKS.
   SCHOOL.

 Comprenetics, Inc.
   DAILY CLEANING OF THE ISOLATION UNIT.
   DISCHARGE CLEANING OF THE ISOLATION ROOM.
   DISINFECTING BY SPRAYING AND FOGGING TECHNIQUES.
   ISOLATION LINEN AND WASTE DISPOSAL.
   PROCEDURES FOR ENTERING AND LEAVING THE ISOLATION UNIT.

 Comptoir Francais du Film.
   LES CHOSES DE LA VIE.

 Computer Image Corp.
   ACCENT ON THE ACCENT.
   WORLD STREETS AND AVENUES.

 Concept Films, Inc.
   SCAG.
   WEED.

 Concepts Unlimited, Inc.
   REPLAY.

 Conley, Leland H.
   WRAP, TIE & STITCH A LITTLE.

 Conley, Renie B.
   WRAP, TIE & STITCH A LITTLE.

 Consumers Power Co.
   ELECTRIC SAFETY FROM A TO ZAP.
   NO DEPOSIT, NO RETURN.

 Coppel, Alec.
   THE STATUE.

 Corke Snyder Associates.
   THE SOUND OF POETRY.

 Corman Co., Inc.
   VON RICHTHOFEN AND BROWN.

 Cornell University. Laboratory of Ornithology.
   THE AMERICAN BALD EAGLE.

 Coronet Films.
   SHOP SAFETY.

 Coronet Instructional Films.
   AM I DEPENDABLE.
   THE AMERICAN BALD EAGLE.
   ANIMALS HATCHED FROM EGGS.
   ANIMALS THAT LIVE IN WATER.
   BLACK AMERICANS AT WORK.
   BUSINESS FILING.
   DEVELOPING RESPONSIBILITY.
   DISCOVERING ROCKS AND MINERALS.
   FAMILIES ARE DIFFERENT AND ALIKE.
   FARMS AROUND THE WORLD.
   FOODS WE EAT.
   HEAT FOR BEGINNERS.
   HOLIDAYS YOUR NEIGHBORS CELEBRATE.
   HOW LEVERS HELP US.
   HOW RAMPS HELP US.
   HOW TO READ NEWSPAPERS.
   HOW WEDGES HELP US.
   INHERITING YOUR PHYSICAL TRAITS.
   JOURNEY TO A STAR: A SCIENCE FANTASY.
   KINDERGARTEN: TWIGS FROM A CITY TREE.
   LASERS: AN INTRODUCTION.
   LET'S EXPLORE THE CITY.
   LIFE IN A POND.
   THE LITTLE BLUEBIRD'S VALLEY.
   THE LITTLE DOG'S ADVENTURES (A STORY TO FINISH)
   MATTER AND THE MOLECULAR THEORY.
   THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: FORMING HYPOTHESES.
   OUR FAMILY IS BLACK.
   OUR SUN AND ITS PLANETS.
   SEEING EASTERN EUROPE.
   SEEING THE PACIFIC STATES.
   THE SORCERER'S APPRENTICE.
   SPACE SCIENCE: THE SUN AS A STAR.
   SPIROGYRA: STRUCTURE AND LIFE FUNCTIONS.
   SPRING COMES TO THE POND.
   THE STARS THROUGH THE SEASONS.
   STORIES FOR JOINING IN.
   THE TEDDY BEAR'S BALLOON TRIP.
   TREES.

 Costello Productions.
   FLOWER STORY: FLOWERS ALONG THE WAY OF LIFE.
   RUBBISH, GARBAGE AND OTHER TRASH.

 Covino, Salvatore T.
   WE AND THE LAW.

 Coward, Noel.
   A MATTER OF INNOCENCE.

 Creation-Science Research Center.
   FOSSILS, STRATA AND EVOLUTION.

 Crivello & Associates Film Productions, Inc.
   ONE NATION UNDER GOD.

 Cruickshank, Donald R.
   INNER-CITY SIMULATION LABORATORY.

 Cullinan, Thomas.
   THE BEGUILED.

 Cuyahoga County Agricultural Society (Ohio)
   COUNTY FAIR, U.S.A.


                                   D

 DLG Productions.
   THE SOUND OF POETRY.

 Davidson Films.
   ADDING WITH FRACTIONS.
   ADDITION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   ADDITION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   ADDITION WITH MIXED NUMERALS.
   BETWEEN RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   BETWEEN THE WHOLE NUMBERS.
   BEYOND THE WHOLE NUMBERS.
   THE BIGGEST RECTANGLE.
   COLORED CHALK.
   THE COMMUTATIVE PRINCIPLES.
   COMPARING RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   CRAYONS.
   DECIMAL EQUIVALENTS FOR FRACTIONS.
   DECIMAL NAMES FOR RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   DECIMALS: ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   DIRECT PRINTING.
   DIVIDING WITH DECIMALS.
   DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: MISSING FACTOR METHOD.
   DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: RECIPROCAL METHOD.
   DIVISION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS.
   EXPLOITATION OF ERRORS.
   FRACTIONS AND RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   GAMES.
   GRAPHING.
   GRAPHING INEQUALITIES.
   HIDDEN TREASURE.
   INDIRECT PRINTING.
   JEAN PIAGET: MEMORY AND INTELLIGENCE.
   JESSAMYN WEST--MY HAND, MY PEN.
   MAC'S FACTORY, OR SHORTCUTS IN MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS.
   MEASUREMENT.
   MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION WITH DECIMALS.
   MULTIPLICATION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   MULTIPLYING WITH DECIMALS.
   MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS.
   MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS: DISTRIBUTIVITY.
   NEGATIVE RATIONALS.
   OPERATIONS EXTENDED TO NEGATIVE RATIONALS.
   PAINTING WITH TEMPERA.
   PIAGET'S DEVELOPMENTAL THEORY: CONSERVATION.
   PROBABILITY.
   PRODUCT OF TWO NEGATIVE NUMBERS.
   RATIO.
   RECIPROCALS--MULTIPLICATIVE INVERSES.
   THE REMAINDER IN DIVISION.
   ROUNDING.
   SOLVING PAIRS OF EQUATIONS.
   SUBTRACTING WITH FRACTIONS.
   SUBTRACTING WITH MIXED NUMERALS.
   SUBTRACTION.
   SUBTRACTION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   USING A PROTRACTOR.
   USING EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS TO COMPUTE SUMS.
   WATERCOLORS.

 Davis, Richard.
   WHO IN THE WORLD.

 Decision Media, Inc.
   POST-SURGICAL CARE.

 Deere & Co.
   DIMENSIONING AND TOLERANCING.

 Deming, Betty Jean.
   SEE Pearson, Betty Jean Deming.

 Dept. of Animal Science, Iowa State University, Ames.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames. Dept. of Animal Science.

 Dept. of Chemistry, University of California.
   SEE University of California, Los Angeles. Dept. of Chemistry.

 Dept. of TV/Radio/Films, American Lutheran Church.
   SEE American Lutheran Church. Dept. of TV/Radio/Films.

 Devlin, Harry.
   WINTER OF THE WITCH.

 Devlin, Wende.
   WINTER OF THE WITCH.

 DeVries, Ted.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

 De Wolfe Photography.
   THE FIRST 1000 DAYS.

 Dickens, Charles John Huffam.
   SCROOGE.

 Disney (Walt) Educational Materials Co.
   IT'S EASY IF YOU KNOW HOW.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   THE AMAZON AWAKENS. (R)
   THE BAREFOOT EXECUTIVE.
   COMMANDO DUCK. (R)
   CONTRARY CONDOR. (R)
   DONALD DUCK AND THE GORILLA. (R)
   HOW TO PLAY FOOTBALL. (R)
   HOW TO PLAY GOLF. (R)
   THE MILLION DOLLAR DUCK.
   RULES OF THE NAUTICAL ROAD. (R)
   SPRINGTIME FOR PLUTO. (R)
   TROMBONE TROUBLE. (R)

 Division of Curriculum Resources, General Board of Education, United
    Methodist Church.
   SEE United Methodist Church (United States) General Board of
      Education. Division of Curriculum Resources.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   SEE Doubleday Multimedia.

 Doubleday Multimedia.
   AN ACTOR WORKS (A SCENE FROM THE TROJAN WOMEN)
   CAREERS: COMMUNICATIONS.
   CAREERS: EDUCATION.
   CAREERS: TECHNICIANS.
   ECONOMIC DECISIONS: WHAT, HOW & FOR WHOM.
   THE SLAVE EXPERIENCE.
   THE SOUND OF POETRY.
   THE STRONGER.

 Dougherty, Richard.
   MADIGAN.

 Doyle, Arthur Conan, Sir.
   THE PRIVATE LIFE OF SHERLOCK HOLMES.

 Dragnet Productions.
   DRAGNET 1970.

 Druidstone-Hottentot Production Corp.
   BARBARA.

 Dubrowsky, Edward.
   DO YOU KNOW.
   A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.
   PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.
   PUERTO RICO AND THE PUERTO RICANS.

 Dun & Bradstreet, Inc.
   BIG DAY TOMORROW.
   CROSSROADS.
   OF DOLLARS AND SENSE.
   SOMETHING FOR A RAINY DAY.
   WHICH COMES FIRST.

 Duncan, Isadora.
   ISADORA.

 Dunn, Dennis.
   BLACKJACK BOWLING.

 Dunn (Dennis) Inc.
   BLACKJACK BOWLING.

 Du Pont de Nemours (E. I.) & Co.
   ELEMENTS OF MANAGING FOR RADIOLOGISTS.

 Du Pont de Nemours (E. I.) & Co., Inc.
   CARPET, A PRACTICAL BUILDING MATERIAL.

 Duvall, Evelyn Millis.
   WHY WAIT TILL MARRIAGE.


                                   E

 ERIE.
   SEE Eastern Regional Institute for Education.

 East Coast Productions, Inc.
   MIRACLE OF SURVIVAL, AGAINST ALL ODDS.

 East-West Films.
   SURESAFE RETRACTABLE LADDERS.

 Eastern Regional Institute for Education.
   OBSERVING CLASSROOM TEACHING.
   THE POST-OBSERVATIONAL CONFERENCE.
   STUDY LESSON FOR CLASSROOM OBSERVATION.

 EdMediaTec, Inc.
   BUILDING AN ELECTRICITY MEASURER.
   CALIBRATING A THERMOMETER.
   ELECTRICITY MEASURER AS AN AMMETER.
   FORCE MEASURER.
   MAKING A BATTERY.
   PLATING EXPERIMENT.
   SPINIGIG.
   WATER CLOCK CART.
   WINDING THE MOTOR.

 Education Development Center, Inc.
   FLOW INSTABILITIES.
   LOOKING AT ANIMALS.

 Educational Concepts, Inc.
   MODERN MATHEMATICS 1 & 2.

 Educational Direction, Inc.
   ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.
   URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.

 Educational Division, Alpha Corp. of America.
   SEE Alpha Corp. of America. Educational Division.

 Educational Filmstrips.
   INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN.

 Educational Projections Corp.
   MATHEMATICS.
   [SPANISH PROGRAM, UNIT 1]

 Educational Service Bureau, Inc.
   BOARD PROPOSALS AND COUNTER PROPOSALS.
   ESSENTIAL INGREDIENTS OF A NEGOTIATIONS AGREEMENT.
   EVALUATING TEACHER DEMANDS.
   SOLVING IMPASSES IN EDUCATIONAL NEGOTIATIONS.

 Educational Service Bureau, Inc. Negotiations Management Service.
   SOLVING IMPASSES IN EDUCATIONAL NEGOTIATIONS.

 Educational Systems Corp.
   MEXICO: 12,000 YEARS OF HISTORY.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   CLEAN UP YOUR LANGUAGE.
   COMPUTERS AND IMAGINATION.

 Electric Reality Co.
   NOTRE DAME DU HAUT AT RONCHAMP.

 Elkins Productions International Corp.
   A NEW LEAF.

 Ellin, Stanley.
   HOUSE OF CARDS.

 Elliot, Janice.
   THE BUTTERCUP CHAIN.

 Ellis, Marc.
   ELECTRICITY AT WORK.

 Ellis, Marc F.
   INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES.

 Emka.
   AND THE ANGELS SING. (R)
   GOING MY WAY. (R)
   THE GREAT MOMENT. (R)
   HAIL THE CONQUERING HERO. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH, BOY SCOUT. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH HAUNTS A HOUSE. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH PLAYS CUPID. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH'S LITTLE SECRET. (R)
   HITLER GANG. (R)
   HOUR BEFORE THE DAWN. (R)
   I LOVE A SOLDIER. (R)
   LADY IN THE DARK. (R)
   STANDING ROOM ONLY. (R)
   STORY OF DR. WASSELL. (R)
   THE UNINVITED. (R)
   YOU CAN'T RATION LOVE. (R)

 Emka, Universal City Studios, Inc.
   SEE Emka.

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
   AFRICA: LIVING IN TWO WORLDS.
   THE AGING OF LAKES.
   BISHOP TURNER: BLACK NATIONALIST.
   BOY OF BOTSWANA.
   CITY BOY OF THE IVORY COAST.
   A FIELD BECOMES A TOWN.
   THE HAUNTED HOUSE.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE CATHODE-RAY OSCILLOSCOPE.
   THE LEGEND OF THE MAGIC KNIVES.
   THE MONKEY AND THE ORGAN GRINDER.
   PAT EXPLORES HIS CITY.
   PROBLEMS OF CONSERVATION: WILDLIFE.
   REFLECTIONS ON TIME.
   SCAG.
   SPIRIT OF THE RENAISSANCE.
   TWO BOYS OF ETHIOPIA.
   WEED.

 Engel, Charles W.
   MATHEMATICS.

 Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States.
   BOWLING.
   FOOTBALL.
   SOFTBALL.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.
   SEE Coronet Instructional Films.

 Eye Gate House, Inc.
   ECOLOGICAL IMBALANCE: SIX SYSTEMS DISTURBED.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY: SIX BASIC SYSTEMS.
   URBAN ECOLOGY: SIX MICROSYSTEMS.


                                   F

 Faces Music, Inc.
   HUSBANDS.

 Fallersleben, August Heinrich Hoffmann von.
   SILENT NIGHT: A CHRISTMAS LEGEND.

 Family Affair Co.
   FAMILY AFFAIR.

 Farrell (Matt) Productions, Inc.
   STUDY WITH NO SWEAT.

 Fedderson (Don) Productions.
   MY THREE SONS.

 Feiner (Richard) & Co., Inc.
   JOHNNY COME LATELY. (R)

 Fellini, Federico.
   SWEET CHARITY.

 Fida Cinematografica.
   DOMICILE CONJUGAL.

 Field Educational Publications, Inc.
   FIELD SOCIAL STUDIES PROGRAM.
   PRETTY STRONG STUFF FOR FIVE-YEAR-OLDS.

 Fight Of the Champions.
   FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS.

 Film Archives Trading Co.
   KNICKERBOCKER HOLIDAY. (R)
   SONG OF THE OPEN ROAD. (R)

 Film Co.
   AMERICAN INDIAN LIFE ON THE SOUTHERN PLAINS.
   MAN AND HIS NATURAL ENVIRONMENT: THE CREEK.

 Film Counselors, Inc.
   MAGIC TRAILS.

 Film Group I.
   ARK.

 Film Play/Data Bureau, Inc.
   AN ACTOR WORKS (A SCENE FROM THE TROJAN WOMEN)

 Film Production Unit, Iowa State University, Ames.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames. Film Production Unit.

 Film Unit, Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc.
   SEE Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc. Film Unit.

 FilmFair Communications.
   AMERICA, I KNOW YOU.
   HORSES.
   I AM FREEDOM'S CHILD.
   IMPRESSIONS.
   NIGHT PEOPLE'S DAY.
   REACH OUT.
   REVOLUTION.

 FilmFair, Inc.
   AMERICA, I KNOW YOU.
   HORSES.
   I AM FREEDOM'S CHILD.
   IMPRESSIONS.
   NIGHT PEOPLE'S DAY.
   REACH OUT.

 Films du Carrosse, S.A.
   DOMICILE CONJUGAL.
   L'ENFANT SAUVAGE.
   MISSISSIPPI MERMAID.

 Filmvideo Corp.
   THE REBEL PRIEST.

 Filmways, Inc.
   WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH HELEN?

 Filmways TV Productions, Inc.
   THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.

 Firestone Tire & Rubber Co.
   PROFILE OF A RACE DRIVER.

 First LQJ Corp.
   THE BROTHERHOOD OF SATAN.

 Flaiano, Ennio.
   SWEET CHARITY.

 Flat Rock Playhouse.
   GUIDE TO A SUMMER THEATRE.

 Floyd, Carl, III.
   NOTRE DAME DU HAUT AT RONCHAMP.

 Ford Marketing Corp.
   AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

 Ford Motor Co. Ford Division. National Service Office.
   AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

 Fordham Equipment Co., Inc.
   ECOLOGY PROBE--PLANET EARTH.

 Forsberg, Rolf.
   ARK.

 Foster Films, Inc.
   ISLAND HOPPIN'.
   SKI FOR TWO.

 4 Star Excelsior Releasing Co.
   THE BROTHERHOOD OF SATAN.

 Fox & Associates, Inc.
   THE MANAGER: HEARTBEAT OF AMERICAN INDUSTRY.

 Fractionation Research, Inc.
   LIQUID FLOW ON FRACTIONATION TRAYS.

 Francoriz Production, S.A.
   SERAFINO.

 Frankovich Productions, Inc.
   DOCTORS' WIVES.

 Free Public Library, Livingston, N.J.
   SEE Livingston Free Public Library (N.J.)

 Freeman, Don.
   NORMAN THE DOORMAN.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions.
   HAWAII FIVE-O.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions, Inc.
   HAWAII FIVE-O.

 Friedman, Daniel D.
   EGO REINFORCEMENT IN LABOR.

 Friedman, Leopold.
   THE GENERAL.

 Frisby, Terence.
   THERE'S A GIRL IN MY SOUP.

 Frisch, Larry S.
   MIRACLE OF SURVIVAL, AGAINST ALL ODDS.


                                   G

 GTE Sylvania, Inc.
   AN/TTC-31.

 Galego Oil Co.
   BASIC OIL BURNER SERVICING.

 Geeslin, Gene Smith.
   MAKE-UP.

 Geeslin, Gene Smith.
   SEE Visual Aids Studio.

 General Learning Corp.
   ADDING WITH FRACTIONS.
   ADDITION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   ADDITION WITH MIXED NUMERALS.
   BETWEEN RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   BETWEEN THE WHOLE NUMBERS.
   BEYOND THE WHOLE NUMBERS.
   THE BIGGEST RECTANGLE.
   COMPARING RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   DECIMAL EQUIVALENTS FOR FRACTIONS.
   DECIMAL NAMES FOR RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   DECIMALS: ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   DIVIDING WITH DECIMALS.
   DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: MISSING FACTOR METHOD.
   DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: RECIPROCAL METHOD.
   DIVISION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS.
   EXPLOITATION OF ERRORS.
   FRACTIONS AND RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   GAMES.
   GRAPHING.
   GRAPHING INEQUALITIES.
   HIDDEN TREASURE.
   THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.
   MAC'S FACTORY, OR SHORTCUTS IN MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS.
   MEASUREMENT.
   MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION WITH DECIMALS.
   MULTIPLICATION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   MULTIPLYING WITH DECIMALS.
   MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS.
   MULTIPLYING WITH FRACTIONS: DISTRIBUTIVITY.
   NEGATIVE RATIONALS.
   OPERATIONS EXTENDED TO NEGATIVE RATIONALS.
   PROBABILITY.
   PRODUCT OF TWO NEGATIVE NUMBERS.
   RATIO.
   RECIPROCALS--MULTIPLICATIVE INVERSES.
   THE REMAINDER IN DIVISION.
   ROUNDING.
   SOLVING PAIRS OF EQUATIONS.
   SUBTRACTING WITH FRACTIONS.
   SUBTRACTING WITH MIXED NUMERALS.
   SUBTRACTION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   USING EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS TO COMPUTE SUMS.
   THE WORLD SINCE 1939.

 General Learning Corp., Silver Burdett Co.
   SEE Silver Burdett Co.

 General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   CHEVROLET SALESMEN'S REPORT.
   CHEVROLET TRUCK COMPARISON SEGMENTS.
   CHEVROLET'S CHALLENGE OF CHAMPIONS, GRAND TOUR HOLIDAY.
   NATIONAL RECORD CLUB CONVENTION.
   POSITIVE MENTAL ATTITUDE.
   PRODUCT AND PROGRAM POWER FOR '71.
   TOTALLY TOUGHER CHEVROLET TRUCKS.
   WHAT MAKES A TRUCK A TRUCK.

 General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division. Parts & Accessories
    Dept.
   PRODUCT AND PROGRAM POWER FOR '71.

 General Motors Corp. Pontiac Motor Division.
   THE ART OF HANDLING PEOPLE.
   CARS--A CUT ABOVE.
   CATALINA BROUGHAM AND BONNEVILLE: THE NEW MARKET-MAKERS.
   THE FIRST THREE MINUTES.
   GRAND VILLE AND GRAND PRIX, 2 GRAND WAYS TO LUXURY.
   LEMANS AND FIREBIRD, THE ECONOMICAL WAY UP TO SPORTINESS.
   PURE PONTIACS--CATALINA AND BONNEVILLE.
   TRUE LUXURY--PURE PONTIACS.
   THE VALUE LEADER RIDES AGAIN.
   THE VELVET TOUCH.
   WHO IS THIS GUY.
   YOU CAN WIN MORE.

 Genesis Productions, Ltd.
   10 RILLINGTON PLACE.

 Gerstein, David.
   SEE Rophel Associates.

 Giants Co.
   LAND OF THE GIANTS.

 Gilman, Dorothy.
   MRS. POLLIFAX, SPY.

 Glazier, Raymond E., Jr.
   AFRO-CITY: ABEOKUTA, NIGERIA.

 Glenco Productions, Inc.
   THE GLEN CAMPBELL GOODTIME HOUR.

 Glenn Educational Films, Inc.
   YOU MAY BE THE ONLY ONE.

 Goldman, James.
   THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS.

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions.
   UP IN ARMS. (R)

 Goodrich (B. F.) Co.
   THE ETERNAL TRIANGLE OF SUCCESS.

 Gorg, Alan.
   FREE GROWTH.

 Gould Pictures Corp.
   SCHOOL.

 Graded Press.
   AND YOU GAVE ME.
   DOWN THE STREET PAST THE TELEPHONE POLE.
   THE NINETEEN FRIENDS OF ROBBIE MCKNEE.
   THE STORY OF WILLIAM'S TELL.
   WHO IN THE WORLD.

 Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.
   [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Grandey (Roy) Productions.
   SCIENCE AND ART OF WINE MAKING.
   THE WINE IN YOUR LIFE.
   WINE IS FUN.
   WINE LAND OF AMERICA.

 Graphic Educational Systems Co.
   A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

 Great Western United Corp. Shakey's, Inc. SEE Shakey's, Inc.

 Greaves (William) Productions, Inc.
   FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS.

 Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.
   BLOOD AND SAND.
   DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE.
   DRACULA.
   FALL OF BABYLON.

 Gross, Richard E.
   FIELD SOCIAL STUDIES PROGRAM.

 Grune & Stratton, Inc.
   DIAGNOSTIC TEST OF SPEECH READING.

 Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.
   MAKING SENSE OF SETS.

 Guimard, Paul.
   LES CHOSES DE LA VIE.


                                   H

 H/K Films.
   ONE SPRING DAY.

 HMK Productions.
   BUSINESS FILING.

 Hacienda-Tropicana-Madness.
   NAUGHTY NURSE.

 Hagopian, J. Michael.
   JERUSALEM, CENTER OF MANY WORLDS.

 Hai Karate Pfizer, Inc.
   [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Hailey, Arthur.
   AIRPORT.

 Halcyon Productions, Inc.
   HAIL, HERO.

 Hall, Jenni.
   GOODBYE GEMINI.

 Hall, Patrick.
   THE RECKONING.

 Hamm (Theodore) Co.
   MAN AND HIS NATURAL ENVIRONMENT: THE CREEK.

 Hampshire Communications Corp.
   BORN TO SUCCEED: BEHAVIORAL PROCEDURES FOR EDUCATION.

 Hanau, Laia.
   STUDY WITH NO SWEAT.

 Handy (Jam) Organization.
   THE ART OF HANDLING PEOPLE.
   CARS--A CUT ABOVE.
   CATALINA BROUGHAM AND BONNEVILLE: THE NEW MARKET-MAKERS.
   CHEVROLET SALESMEN'S REPORT.
   CHEVROLET TRUCK COMPARISON SEGMENTS.
   CHEVROLET'S CHALLENGE OF CHAMPIONS, GRAND TOUR HOLIDAY.
   THE FIRST THREE MINUTES.
   GRAND VILLE AND GRAND PRIX, 2 GRAND WAYS TO LUXURY.
   LEMANS AND FIREBIRD, THE ECONOMICAL WAY UP TO SPORTINESS.
   NATIONAL RECORD CLUB CONVENTION.
   POSITIVE MENTAL ATTITUDE.
   PRODUCT AND PROGRAM POWER FOR '71.
   PURE PONTIACS--CATALINA AND BONNEVILLE.
   TOTALLY TOUGHER CHEVROLET TRUCKS.
   TRUE LUXURY--PURE PONTIACS.
   THE VALUE LEADER RIDES AGAIN.
   THE VELVET TOUCH.
   WHAT MAKES A TRUCK A TRUCK.
   WHO IS THIS GUY.
   YOU CAN WIN MORE.

 Handy (Jam) Productions.
   ANOTHER CLEAN STORY.
   CHARGE IT, PLEASE.
   THE EASY EIGHT WAY TO INCREASE DRYER SALES.
   THE ETERNAL TRIANGLE OF SUCCESS.
   FUNDAMENTALS OF MECHANICAL CLOTHES.
   KENMORE FABRIC MASTER WITH SOFT HEAT WRINKLE GUARD.
   MCDONALD'S, WHERE IT'S HAPPENING.
   THE MEDIUM DUTY UNISTRUT CABLE TRAY SYSTEMS.
   A NEW CONCEPT IN SIGN SUPPORT SYSTEMS.
   A NEW TWIST.
   THE OFFICE CASHIER.
   THE STORY BEHIND THE FEATURES.

 Hanson, David A.
   THE MIDWEST.

 Harbour-UTV.
   IRONSIDE.

 Hardin, Garrett.
   THE TRAGEDY OF THE COMMONS.

 Hardinge, Mervyn G.
   PULSE OF LIFE.

 Hartley Productions, Inc.
   EVOLUTION OF A YOGI.

 Hartmann, Edmund.
   THE SHAKIEST GUN IN THE WEST.

 Harvest Films, Inc.
   50,000 PLUS.
   THE SHIELD.

 Health Productions.
   PULSE OF LIFE.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)
   SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

 Heffernan-Cabrera, Patricia.
   AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

 Hemisphere Pictures, Inc.
   BEAST OF BLOOD.

 Henerson & Guzman Productions, Inc.
   THE FEMINIST AND THE FUZZ.

 Henry, O., pseud.
   SEE Porter, William Sidney.

 Henry, Will.
   JOURNEY TO SHILOH.

 Hermens, R. A.
   QUADRATIC EQUATIONS.

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions.
   MEXICO, A CHANGING LAND.

 Highway Safety Foundation, Mansfield, Ohio.
   GO, SOBER AND SAFE.

 Hines, Barry.
   KES.

 Hoffman, Denis C.
   AMBLIN.

 Hoffmann von Fallersleben.
   SEE Fallersleben, August Heinrich Hoffmann von.

 Houck, Joy N.
   HIS WIFE'S HABIT.

 Hovue Productions.
   THE FACELESS MAN.

 Howco International.
   HIS WIFE'S HABIT.

 Humphries, James L.
   INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN.

 Hunter (Ross) Productions, Inc.
   AIRPORT.

 Hutchins, Pat.
   ROSIE'S WALK.

 Hutton, Jessie.
   LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE.


                                   I

 Illinois Central Railroad.
   BEWARE THE FRIENDLY DRAGON.

 Illumination Films.
   THE UNBELIEVABLE BUGS OF MALACAPALACAPOO.

 Impact Production Associates.
   KETALAR ANESTHESIA IN OBSTETRICS.

 Imperial Film Co., Inc.
   DAILY LIFE IN THE TIGRIS-EUPHRATES VALLEY.
   HISTORY AS THE NEWS CAMERA SAW IT.
   HOW FLOWERS TRANSFER POLLEN.
   THE PLACE OF BIRDS IN NATURE.
   A QUECHUA VILLAGE IN PERU.
   A SHIPIBO VILLAGE ON THE UPPER AMAZON.
   WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

 Indance Films.
   DANCES OF INDIA.

 Indianer (Paul) & Co., Inc.
   AT LAST A TAX BREAK FOR YOU.

 Insight!, Inc.
   THE PRESIDENCY: DECISIONS OF DESTINY.

 Institute of Ophthalmology.
   ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE.

 Instructional Media Associates.
   ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.
   MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

 International Institute of Coiffure Designers, Ltd.
   FINGER WAVING TECHNIQUES.
   PERMANENT WAVE.
   PIN CURLING TECHNIQUES.

 International Minerals & Chemical Corp.
   CIRCLES OF GROWTH.

 Iowa State University, Ames.
   THE AMERICAN ELM--PLAN FOR SURVIVAL.
   AUTOMATED BELLY SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 800.
   AUTOMATED JOWL AND FATBACK SKINNING AND SLASHING, TOWNSEND NO. 814.
   AUTOMATIC LINKING WITH COLLAGEN CASINGS.
   BUTT SKINNING AND DEFATTING, TOWNSEND NO. 422.
   CHANGING PRODUCT SIZE ON THE FRANK-A-MATIC.
   FULLY AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-2A.
   HAM SHANK AND PICNIC SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 400.
   HIGH-SPEED PEELING OF CELLULOSE SAUSAGE CASINGS, RANGER APOLLO, IX-C.
   MECHANICAL MEMBRANE REMOVAL, TOWNSEND NO. 66A.
   MECHANICAL SKINNING OF PORK PRIMAL CUTS.
   THE PRINCIPLES OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING.
   A REPRESENTATIVE HOG CARCASS BREAKDOWN.
   SANITATION OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKERS.
   SANITATION OF SKINNING MACHINES.
   SEMI-AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-4A.

 Iowa State University, Ames. Dept. of Animal Science.
   AUTOMATED BELLY SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 800.
   AUTOMATED JOWL AND FATBACK SKINNING AND SLASHING, TOWNSEND NO. 814.
   AUTOMATIC LINKING WITH COLLAGEN CASINGS.
   BUTT SKINNING AND DEFATTING, TOWNSEND NO. 422.
   CHANGING PRODUCT SIZE ON THE FRANK-A-MATIC.
   FULLY AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-2A.
   HAM SHANK AND PICNIC SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 400.
   HIGH-SPEED PEELING OF CELLULOSE SAUSAGE CASINGS, RANGER APOLLO, IX-C.
   MECHANICAL MEMBRANE REMOVAL, TOWNSEND NO. 66A.
   MECHANICAL SKINNING OF PORK PRIMAL CUTS.
   THE PRINCIPLES OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING.
   A REPRESENTATIVE HOG CARCASS BREAKDOWN.
   SANITATION OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKERS.
   SANITATION OF SKINNING MACHINES.
   SEMI-AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-4A.

 Iowa State University, Ames. Film Production Unit.
   AUTOMATED BELLY SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 800.
   AUTOMATED JOWL AND FATBACK SKINNING AND SLASHING, TOWNSEND NO. 814.
   AUTOMATIC LINKING WITH COLLAGEN CASINGS.
   BUTT SKINNING AND DEFATTING, TOWNSEND NO. 422.
   CHANGING PRODUCT SIZE ON THE FRANK-A-MATIC.
   FULLY AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-2A.
   HAM SHANK AND PICNIC SKINNING, TOWNSEND NO. 400.
   HIGH-SPEED PEELING OF CELLULOSE SAUSAGE CASINGS, RANGER APOLLO, IX-C.
   MECHANICAL MEMBRANE REMOVAL, TOWNSEND NO. 66A.
   MECHANICAL SKINNING OF PORK PRIMAL CUTS.
   THE PRINCIPLES OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING.
   A REPRESENTATIVE HOG CARCASS BREAKDOWN.
   SANITATION OF AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKERS.
   SANITATION OF SKINNING MACHINES.
   SEMI-AUTOMATIC SAUSAGE LINKING, TOWNSEND DB-4A.

 Iowa State University of Science & Technology, Ames.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames.

 Irish, William.
   MISSISSIPPI MERMAID.

 Itard, Jean.
   L'ENFANT SAUVAGE.


                                   J

 J. C. Vending Machines, Inc. Costello Productions.
   SEE Costello Productions.

 Jackson Brewing Co.
   [JACKSON BREWING CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Jacobs, Dorothy.
   FOCUS ON MOVEMENT.

 Japrisot, Sebastien.
   THE LADY IN THE CAR WITH GLASSES AND A GUN.

 Jaxon-Bauer.
   IN A CLOCK STORE.
   THE MECHANICS OF USER PROCESSING OF BLACK AND WHITE REVERSAL FILM.

 Jocar, Inc.
   THE TIM CONWAY COMEDY HOUR.

 Johns, Horace L., Jr.
   CUB CAR DERBY.
   CUT BACK WOODS BORDER.
   FIRST ANNUAL DEEPFREEZE.

 Johnson, Ellsworth R.
   CHORDATA.

 Jones, Charles E.
   THE WAY OF THE CROSS FOR CHILDREN TODAY.

 Jones, D. F.
   COLOSSUS: THE FORBIN PROJECT.

 Journal Films, Inc.
   L.A. 53.
   MOTHERS AND TODDLERS: HUMANIZING THE GROWTH EXPERIENCE.
   NATURE IN THE CITY.
   PEOPLE: BRINGING LIFE TO THE CITY.
   REFLECTIONS IN A POND.
   TO SAVE OUR ENVIRONMENT: CONSERVATION.
   VOWELS AND THEIR SOUNDS.

 Joy-Oke Productions, Inc.
   HIS WIFE'S HABIT.

 Junior League of Tallahassee, Inc.
   THE STORY OF TALLAHASSEE BEFORE 1860.

 Juster, Norton.
   THE PHANTOM TOLLBOOTH.

 Jymie Productions, Inc.
   NAIFA.


                                   K

 Kaluza, Les.
   THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT.

 Kaye, Jay C.
   NATIONAL ANTHEM.

 Kearney, Philip.
   RUNNING.

 Keith (Allan) Productions, Inc.
   FINGER WAVING TECHNIQUES.
   PERMANENT WAVE.
   PIN CURLING TECHNIQUES.

 Kennedy, Ludovic.
   10 RILLINGTON PLACE.

 Kent Productions, Inc.
   LAND OF THE GIANTS.

 Kerner, Bruce.
   I AM ALSO A YOU.

 Key, Ted.
   THE MILLION DOLLAR DUCK.

 Keyboard Publications.
   PATHWAYS TO MUSIC.

 Kikkoman International, Inc.
   THE MAGNIFICENT OUTDOORS.

 Killiam, Paul.
   BLOOD AND SAND.
   DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE.
   DRACULA.
   FALL OF BABYLON.

 King Broadcasting Co.
   AT BULLFROG LAKE.
   ERIK SATIE AND THE KING OF THE BEANS.
   HARBOR.
   HENRY'S SIMPLE MACHINE.
   INDIAN HERITAGE: THE TREASURE.
   INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM OF UNITS.
   POST OFFICE.
   SHIPS NORTH TO PRUDHOE BAY.
   TONDO--A ROUND ABOUT ROUND.
   THE TRAGEDY OF THE COMMONS.

 King Bros. Productions, Inc.
   MAYA.

 King Screen Productions.
   AT BULLFROG LAKE.
   ERIK SATIE AND THE KING OF THE BEANS.
   HARBOR.
   HENRY'S SIMPLE MACHINE.
   INDIAN HERITAGE: THE TREASURE.
   INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM OF UNITS.
   POST OFFICE.
   SHIPS NORTH TO PRUDHOE BAY.
   TONDO--A ROUND ABOUT ROUND.
   THE TRAGEDY OF THE COMMONS.

 Kingsbury Center, Inc., Washington, D.C.
   LEARNING FOR A LIFETIME: THE ACADEMIC CLUB METHOD.

 Kiva Films, Inc.
   ECOLOGY PROBE--PLANET EARTH.

 Klane, Robert.
   WHERE'S POPPA?

 Knowledge Aid.
   ADVENTURES WITH ALPHIE.
   OUR FLAG TODAY.

 Koehler, George E.
   AND YOU GAVE ME.

 Kounis Productions.
   GYNECOCRACY: FEMININE RULE.

 Krasilovsky, Phyllis.
   THE COW WHO FELL IN THE CANAL.

 Krebs Productions, Inc. Cine Mark.
   ALL EYES ON YOU.

 Kresge (S. S.) Co.
   BUY RIGHT.
   CHARGE IT, PLEASE.
   THE OFFICE CASHIER.

 Krofft (Sid & Marty) Productions, Inc.
   PUFNSTUF.


                                   L

 Laboratory of Ornithology, Cornell University.
   SEE Cornell University. Laboratory of Ornithology.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   THE BARBER OF SEVILLE. (R)
   THE GREATEST MAN IN SIAM. (R)

 Laurentiis (Dino de) Cinematografica, S.P.A.
   THE HILLS RUN RED.
   WATERLOO.

 Lawton, Harry.
   TELL THEM WILLIE BOY IS HERE.

 Le Fanu, J. Sheridan.
   THE VAMPIRE LOVERS.

 Leggo, Christopher.
   IN A CLOCK STORE.

 Lehn & Fink Products.
   [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Leo Productions, Ltd.
   THE BOYS IN THE BAND.

 Lewis, Phillip.
   METALWORKING.

 Lewis, Ted.
   GET CARTER.

 Lichtenberg, Donovan R.
   MATHEMATICS.

 Linford, Dee.
   A MAN CALLED GANNON.

 Lipton (Thomas J.) Inc.
   THE AMERICA'S CUP RACES 1970.

 Lira Films.
   LES CHOSES DE LA VIE.

 Lira Films, S.A.
   THE LADY IN THE CAR WITH GLASSES AND A GUN.

 Livingston Free Public Library (N.J.)
   EASY READER.

 Livingston Free Public Library (N.J.) Board of Trustees.
   EASY READER.

 Loew's, Inc.
   ALONG THE CACTUS TRAIL. (R)
   ANDY HARDY'S BLONDE TROUBLE. (R)
   BATHING BEAUTY. (R)
   BATTY BASEBALL. (R)
   BROADWAY RHYTHM. (R)
   THE CANTERVILLE GHOST. (R)
   COLORFUL COLORADO. (R)
   CRY HAVOC. (R)
   DANCING ROMEO. (R)
   A DAY IN DEATH VALLEY. (R)
   EASY LIFE. (R)
   GASLIGHT. (R)
   GRAND CANYON, PRIDE OF CREATION. (R)
   A GREAT DAY'S COMING. (R)
   GROOVIE MOVIE. (R)
   A GUY NAMED JOE. (R)
   HAPPY-GO-NUTTY. (R)
   THE HEAVENLY BODY. (R)
   HOME MAID. (R)
   THE IMMORTAL BLACKSMITH. (R)
   IMPORTANT BUSINESS. (R)
   INNERTUBE ANTICS. (R)
   THE KID IN UPPER 4. (R)
   MACKINAC ISLAND. (R)
   MAIN STREET TODAY. (R)
   MEET THE PEOPLE. (R)
   THE MILLION DOLLAR CAT. (R)
   ON THE ROAD TO MONTERREY. (R)
   PATROLLING THE ETHER. (R)
   THE PRACTICAL JOKER. (R)
   RADIO BUGS. (R)
   RATIONING. (R)
   SCREWBALL SQUIRREL. (R)
   SEE HERE, PRIVATE HARGROVE. (R)
   SHOE SHINE BOY. (R)
   SOMEWHERE, U.S.A. (R)
   SONG OF RUSSIA. (R)
   SPORTSMAN'S MEMORIES. (R)
   TALE OF A DOG. (R)
   THREE MEN IN WHITE. (R)
   THE TREE SURGEON. (R)
   TWO GIRLS AND A SAILOR. (R)
   VISITING ST. LOUIS. (R)

   THE WHITE CLIFFS OF DOVER. (R)
   WHY DADDY. (R)
   THE ZOOT CAT. (R)

 Lollipop Dragon Productions, Inc.
   THE ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

 Lonesome Cowboys, Inc.
   LONESOME COWBOYS.

 Lopert Pictures Corp.
   MISSISSIPPI MERMAID.

 Lutheran Film Associates.
   FLAT WINE, STALE BREAD.

 Lyceum Productions, Inc.
   HAIKU: A PHOTOGRAPHIC INTERPRETATION.


                                   M

 MCA-TV.
   ADAM-12.
   DRAGNET 1970.
   IRONSIDE.
   THE LAWYERS.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.
   THE SURVIVORS.
   THE VIRGINIAN.

 MJE Corp. Knowledge Aid.
   SEE Knowledge Aid.

 M/M Film Productions, Inc.
   YOUR GROWTH INTO GREATNESS.

 McBride, Malcolm R.
   AN AFTERNOON IN A TUSCAN VILLA.

 McCall, Adeline.
   MUSICAL ADVENTURES.

 McCleod Film Productions.
   NURSING MANAGEMENT OF THE PATIENT WITH HEAD AND NECK CANCER.

 McDonald's Corp.
   THE ALL AMERICAN BAND.
   MCDONALD'S, WHERE IT'S HAPPENING.

 McDonald's Systems, Inc.
   MCDONALD'S, WHERE IT'S HAPPENING.

 MacGillivray-Freeman Films.
   CATCH THE JOY.

 McGowan, Douglas E.
   ATLANTA 500 '68.

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   CLOTHING: CLOTHES ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL.
   DENTAL CARE: TEETH ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   ANIMAL LIFE SERIES.
   CLOTHING: CLOTHES ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL.
   DENTAL CARE: TEETH ARE FRIENDS, TREAT THEM WELL.
   ORAL COMMUNICATIONS: GROUP PROBLEM SOLVING.

 McGraw-Hill Text-Films.
   ANGEL FOOD CAKE.
   ANIMAL LIFE SERIES.
   BAKING A CAKE.
   BAKING A CUSTARD.
   COOKING A STEW.
   DECORATING A CAKE.
   FISH.
   FROSTING A CAKE.
   GELATIN MOLD.
   HAMBURGERS.
   KNEADING AND CUTTING DOUGH.
   LEMON PIE FILLING.
   MAKING A PIE SHELL.
   MEASURING TECHNIQUES.
   MUFFINS.
   OMELET.
   ORAL COMMUNICATIONS: GROUP PROBLEM SOLVING.
   PANCAKES.
   PINWHEEL SANDWICHES.
   PREPARING A STEW.
   PREPARING CAKE BATTER.
   PREPARING CUSTARD.
   PREPARING DOUGH.
   PREPARING TO DECORATE A CAKE.
   RIBBON AND CHECKERBOARD SANDWICHES.
   SHAPING YEAST ROLLS.
   STUFFING AND TRUSSING A CHICKEN.
   TWO CRUST PIE.
   WHITE SAUCE.
   WORKING WITH EGG WHITES.

 MacGregor, Sean.
   THE BROTHERHOOD OF SATAN.

 McHugh, Vincent.
   WHAT'S SO BAD ABOUT FEELING GOOD?

 Macken, Walter.
   FLIGHT OF THE DOVES.

 Mackenzie, Colin.
   DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

 Macmillan Co.
   ADDITION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.
   THE COMMUTATIVE PRINCIPLES.
   ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.
   MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.
   MACMILLAN ENGLISH FILMSTRIPS.
   SUBTRACTION.
   USING A PROTRACTOR.

 Madison Productions, Inc.
   DEATH VALLEY DAYS.
   RIO LOBO.

 Malpaso Co.
   THE BEGUILED.

 Mannas, James M., Jr.
   NAIFA.

 Marathon International Productions, Inc.
   I'M TAKIN' THE TIME.
   1970 PORSCHE DOES IT.

 Mark. VII, Ltd.
   ADAM-12.
   DRAGNET 1970.

 Marketing Training Dept., Chrysler Institute.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Marsh Film Enterprises.
   DRUG ABUSE: WHO NEEDS IT.
   DRUGS: FRIEND OR FOE.
   FASCINATING BIRDS OF NORTH AMERICA.
   FASCINATING SNAKES OF NORTH AMERICA.

 Marshall, Donald K.
   CYCLES SOUTH.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   LUBRICATING BALL BEARINGS.
   PIPEFITTING--CALCULATING PIPE LENGTHS.

 Martin, Bill, Jr.
   AMERICA, I KNOW YOU.
   I AM FREEDOM'S CHILD.

 Mathew, Ray.
   SAY HELLO TO YESTERDAY.

 Mayer, Henry.
   TOMORROW'S CHILDREN.

 Mazin-Wyckoff Co.
   I'LL BUY THAT.

 Meader, Elaine A.
   A DAY IN THE SUN.

 Meader, Frederick Putnam.
   A DAY IN THE SUN.

 Media Plus, Inc.
   DISCOVERY 1: TO SEE.
   HOW A BOOK IS MADE.
   POETRY IS ALIVE AND WELL AND LIVING IN AMERICA.
   THE POETRY OF EDWARD FIELD.
   THE POETRY OF G. C. ODEN.
   THE POETRY OF MAY SWENSON.

 Meek, Pauline Palmer.
   WHO IN THE WORLD.

 Mendelson (Lee) Film Productions, Inc.
   THE RECORD MAKERS.

 Mendelson (Lee)-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions.
   HOT DOG.

 Meredith Corp.
   B. F. SKINNER DEMONSTRATES OPERANT CONDITIONING.
   BORN TO SUCCEED: BEHAVIORAL PROCEDURES FOR EDUCATION.

 Meteor Films, Inc.
   MRS. POLLIFAX, SPY.

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   ALEX IN WONDERLAND.
   ALONG THE CACTUS TRAIL. (R)
   ANDY HARDY'S BLONDE TROUBLE. (R)
   BATHING BEAUTY. (R)
   BATTY BASEBALL. (R)
   BREWSTER MCCLOUD.
   BROADWAY RHYTHM. (R)
   THE CANTERVILLE GHOST. (R)
   COLORFUL COLORADO. (R)
   CRY HAVOC. (R)
   DAKTARI.
   DANCING ROMEO. (R)
   A DAY IN DEATH VALLEY. (R)
   EASY LIFE. (R)
   ELVIS, THAT'S THE WAY IT IS.
   GASLIGHT. (R)
   GET CARTER.
   GRAND CANYON, PRIDE OF CREATION. (R)
   A GREAT DAY'S COMING. (R)
   THE GREAT MOJAVE DESERT.
   GROOVIE MOVIE. (R)
   A GUY NAMED JOE. (R)
   HAPPY-GO-NUTTY. (R)
   THE HEAVENLY BODY. (R)
   HOME MAID. (R)
   HONDO.
   THE IMMORTAL BLACKSMITH. (R)
   IMPORTANT BUSINESS. (R)
   IN THE GUARD HOUSE. (R)
   INNERTUBE ANTICS. (R)
   JOE COCKER: MAD DOGS & ENGLISHMEN.
   THE KID IN UPPER 4. (R)
   MACKINAC ISLAND. (R)
   MAIN STREET TODAY. (R)
   THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.
   MAYA.
   MEET THE PEOPLE. (R)
   THE MILLION DOLLAR CAT. (R)
   NO BLADE OF GRASS.
   ON THE ROAD TO MONTERREY. (R)
   PATROLLING THE ETHER. (R)
   THE PHANTOM TOLLBOOTH.
   THE PRACTICAL JOKER. (R)
   PRETTY MAIDS ALL IN A ROW.
   RADIO BUGS. (R)
   RATIONING. (R)
   SCREWBALL SQUIRREL. (R)
   SEE HERE, PRIVATE HARGROVE. (R)
   SHOE SHINE BOY. (R)
   SOMEWHERE, U.S.A. (R)
   SONG OF RUSSIA. (R)
   SPORTSMAN'S MEMORIES. (R)
   TALE OF A DOG. (R)
   THREE MEN IN WHITE. (R)
   THE TRAVELING EXECUTIONER.
   THE TREE SURGEON. (R)
   TWO GIRLS AND A SAILOR. (R)
   VISITING ST. LOUIS. (R)
   THE WHITE CLIFFS OF DOVER. (R)
   WHY DADDY. (R)
   THE ZOOT CAT. (R)

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television.
   HONDO.
   THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.
   MAYA.

 Metromedia Producers Corp.
   JOURNEY TO THE HIGH ARCTIC.

 Meyer, Paul.
   WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

 Michaelis, John U.
   FIELD SOCIAL STUDIES PROGRAM.

 Michaels, Herbert.
   JUMP WITH MR. JUMP AND DANCE.
   TRI-DIMENSIONAL LIVING MIRROR.

 Mikan, Philip. SEE Rophel Associates.

 Milane, J. J.
   HIS WIFE'S HABIT.

 Miller, Robert E., III.
   FLAT WINE, STALE BREAD.

 Milliken Pub. Co.
   CHILDREN'S FOLK TALES.
   SCIENCE IN YOUR WORLD.

 Min-On of America.
   DISCOVERY.
   HAWAII CONVENTION.
   PARADE OF HAPPINESS.

 Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng.
   DON'T HUSTLE AN ANT WITH MUSCLE.
   FROM BED TO WORSE.
   THE FROZE NOSE KNOWS.
   GO FOR CROAK.
   THE GREAT CONTINENTAL OVERLAND CROSSCOUNTRY RACE.
   MUD SQUAD.
   NEVER BUG AN ANT.
   A PAIR OF GREENBACKS.
   ROUGH BRUNCH.
   TECHNOLOGY, PHOOEY.
   TRICK OR RETREAT.
   TWO JUMPS AND A CHUMP.

 Mirisch Productions, Inc.
   THE PRIVATE LIFE OF SHERLOCK HOLMES.

 Monogram Pictures Corp.
   BLAZING GUNS. (R)
   CAMPUS RHYTHM. (R)
   CHARLIE CHAN IN THE SECRET SERVICE. (R)
   COWBOY COMMANDOS. (R)
   DEATH VALLEY RANGERS. (R)
   THE GHOST RIDER. (R)
   HERE COMES KELLY. (R)
   I ESCAPED FROM THE GESTAPO. (R)
   LAW RIDES AGAIN. (R)
   MELODY PARADE. (R)
   MYSTERY OF THE 13TH GUEST. (R)
   NEARLY EIGHTEEN. (R)
   REVENGE OF THE ZOMBIES. (R)
   SARONG GIRL. (R)
   SILVER SKATES. (R)
   SMART GUY. (R)
   SPY TRAIN. (R)
   THE STRANGER FROM PECOS. (R)
   THE SULTAN'S DAUGHTER. (R)
   SWEETHEARTS OF THE U.S.A. (R)
   WESTWARD BOUND. (R)
   WHAT A MAN. (R)
   WILD HORSE STAMPEDE. (R)
   WINGS OVER THE PACIFIC. (R)

 Moore, Carleton.
   GRAND CANYON, A SIMULATED FIELD TRIP.

 Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.
   THE HAUNTED HOUSE.
   SHOP SAFETY.

 Morrison, Alva.
   SEE Sunday River Productions.

 Mosco, Masie.
   MUMSY, NANNY, SONNY & GIRLY.

 Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young University.
   SEE Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah. Motion Picture Dept.

 Mt. San Jacinto College, Gilman Hot Springs, Calif.
   ALPHABETIC FILING: INDIVIDUAL NAMES.
   ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT.
   AUTOMOTIVE BODY SAFETY.
   BASIC ASPECTS OF MOLECULAR BIOLOGY.
   BODY AND FRAME CONSTRUCTION.
   CARBON DUPLICATION.
   DISCIPLINING CHILDREN CAN BE A PROBLEM.
   DO YOU WANT TO BE A GOOD PARENT.
   DRUM LATHE OPERATION.
   ECONOMIC ASPECTS OF FAMILY LIVING.
   THE EFFECT OF SOCIAL AND CULTURAL FORCES ON FAMILY LIFE.
   ELECTRICAL CIRCUITS.
   ELECTRON THEORY.
   THE FAMILY IN TIME OF TROUBLE.
   FIRST DEGREE EQUATIONS.
   FRAME DAMAGE ANALYSIS AND CORRECTION.
   GESTURE.
   HOW TO USE A DISTRIBUTOR MACHINE.
   THE IMPORTANCE OF HEREDITY AND EUGENICS IN FAMILY LIFE.
   INTRODUCTION TO STENCIL DUPLICATION.
   LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE.
   THE LIBRARY CARD CATALOG SYSTEM.
   LIBRARY: INDEXES.
   LIBRARY: INTRODUCTION.
   MASTER CYLINDER SERVICE.
   THE OHMMETER.
   PHYSICAL HANDICAPS AND LEARNING.
   PREVENTING CHRONIC HEART DISEASE, AMERICA'S NO. 1 KILLER
   REACTION TO STRESS.
   RESEARCH SKILLS: CHOOSING AND NARROWING A TOPIC.
   RESEARCH SKILLS: PLANNING THE PAPER.
   SELF-UNDERSTANDING.
   SERVICING THE BENDIX DUO-SERVO BRAKE.
   SOLDER REPAIR.
   STRENGTHENING AND IMPROVING MARRIAGE AND FAMILY LIFE.
   TRANSCRIPTION FROM MACHINES THAT USE RECORDS AND TAPES.
   TRANSCRIPTION MACHINES THAT USE A BELT.
   UNDERSTANDING THE FAMILY LIFE CYCLE.
   WHEEL CYLINDER SERVICE.

 Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (Calif.)
   ALPHABETIC FILING: INDIVIDUAL NAMES.
   ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT.
   AUTOMOTIVE BODY SAFETY.
   BASIC ASPECTS OF MOLECULAR BIOLOGY.
   BODY AND FRAME CONSTRUCTION.
   CARBON DUPLICATION.
   DISCIPLINING CHILDREN CAN BE A PROBLEM.
   DO YOU WANT TO BE A GOOD PARENT.
   DRUM LATHE OPERATION.
   ECONOMIC ASPECTS OF FAMILY LIVING.
   THE EFFECT OF SOCIAL AND CULTURAL FORCES ON FAMILY LIFE.
   ELECTRICAL CIRCUITS.
   ELECTRON THEORY.
   THE FAMILY IN TIME OF TROUBLE.
   FIRST DEGREE EQUATIONS.
   FRAME DAMAGE ANALYSIS AND CORRECTION.
   GESTURE.
   HOW TO USE A DISTRIBUTOR MACHINE.
   THE IMPORTANCE OF HEREDITY AND EUGENICS IN FAMILY LIFE.
   INTRODUCTION TO STENCIL DUPLICATION.
   LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE.
   THE LIBRARY CARD CATALOG SYSTEM.
   LIBRARY: INDEXES.
   LIBRARY: INTRODUCTION.
   MASTER CYLINDER SERVICE.
   THE OHMMETER.
   PHYSICAL HANDICAPS AND LEARNING.
   PREVENTING CHRONIC HEART DISEASE, AMERICA'S NO. 1 KILLER.
   REACTION TO STRESS.
   RESEARCH SKILLS: CHOOSING AND NARROWING A TOPIC.
   RESEARCH SKILLS: PLANNING THE PAPER. SELF-UNDERSTANDING.
   SERVICING THE BENDIX DUO-SERVO BRAKE.
   SOLDER REPAIR.
   STRENGTHENING AND IMPROVING MARRIAGE AND FAMILY LIFE.
   TRANSCRIPTION FROM MACHINES THAT USE RECORDS AND TAPES.
   TRANSCRIPTION MACHINES THAT USE A BELT.
   UNDERSTANDING THE FAMILY LIFE CYCLE.
   WHEEL CYLINDER SERVICE.

 Moyer (Martin) Productions.
   MAN AND THE FOREST: SPECIAL FOREST PRODUCTS.
   RHYTHMIC BALL SKILLS FOR PERCEPTUAL-MOTOR DEVELOPMENT.

 Murdoch, Iris.
   A SEVERED HEAD.

 Mushroom Productions, Ltd.
   GOODBYE, FAT LARRY.


                                   N

 NGC Television, Inc.
   TARZAN TRIUMPHS. (R)

 National Assn. of Blue Shield Plans.
   THE OTHER GUY.

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc.
   THE AMERICAN WILDERNESS.
   HORIZONS OF HOPE.
   MAN'S THUMB ON NATURE'S BALANCE.
   NO MIRACLE BUT LOVE.
   THE PRADO.
   ROBERTO ROSSELLINI'S SICILY: PORTRAIT OF AN ISLAND.
   SCOTLAND YARD: THE GOLDEN THREAD.
   TRIP TO NOWHERE.

 National Committee for Fluid Mechanics Films.
   FLOW INSTABILITIES.

 National Dairy Council.
   YOUR FOOD--CHANCE OR CHOICE.

 National Endowment for the Humanities.
   MEXICO: 12,000 YEARS OF HISTORY.

 National Film Board of Canada.
   WALKING.

 National General Pictures Corp.
   HAIL, HERO.
   ME, NATALIE.
   THE ROYAL HUNT OF THE SUN.
   SCROOGE.
   WITH SIX YOU GET EGG ROLL.

 National Geographic Society, Washington, D.C.
   THE GREAT MOJAVE DESERT.
   JOURNEY TO THE HIGH ARCTIC.

 National Golf Foundation, Inc.
   THE FULL SWING: WOODS AND IRONS.
   THE GRIP: THE ADDRESS ROUTINE.
   THE PUTT.
   THE SAND EXPLOSION SHOT.
   THE SHORT APPROACH: PITCH AND RUN SHOT, PITCH SHOT.
   UNEVEN LIES: UPHILL, DOWNHILL, SIDEHILL.

 National Society for the Prevention of Blindness.
   THE SHIELD.

 National Society for the Prevention of Blindness. Wise Owl Club.
   50,000 PLUS.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   AMPHIBIOUS FIGHTERS. (R)
   AT THE CAGE DOOR CANTEEN. (R)
   IN CURRENT EVENTS. (R)
   JASPER'S MUSIC LESSON. (R)
   RATIONED RHYTHM. (R)
   TUMBLE BUGS. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-4. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-5. (R)

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc. Repix, Inc.
   SEE Repix, Inc.

 New York Times Co.
   THE COLOR OF JUSTICE.
   DISARMAMENT: THE QUEST FOR PEACE.
   THE EMBATTLED METROPOLIS.
   MASS MEDIA: THEIR ROLE IN A DEMOCRACY.
   YOUR TAX DOLLAR.

 New York Zoological Society.
   THE WHALES THAT FLEW.

 Newman, Andres.
   THREE INTO TWO WON'T GO.

 Newman-Foreman Co., Inc.
   THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS.

 Newman, Frank.
   BARBARA.

 Nob Hill Productions.
   ME, NATALIE.

 Nolan, Wilton & Wootten, Inc.
   DARKNESS, DARKNESS.

 Norlan Productions, Inc.
   THE SCALPHUNTERS.

 Norman, Michael A.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

 Noxon, Gerald F.
   CAMERA AND SHOT.
   EYE AND CAMERA.
   FRAGMENTING THE SCENE.
   SHOT AND SCENE.

 Nye Communications Enterprises.
   THE MAGNIFICENT OUTDOORS.


                                   O

 O. Henry, pseud.
   SEE Porter, William Sidney.

 Ockerman, Herbert Wood.
   EUROPE WAS OUR CLASSROOM.

 Office National du Film du Canada.
   ETUDE EN 21 POINTS.

 Ohaus Scale Corp.
   HOW TO USE DIAL-TYPE BALANCES.
   HOW TO USE THE CENT-O-GRAM BALANCE.
   HOW TO USE THE HARVARD TRIP BALANCE.

 Olympia Films, Inc.
   BARBARA.

 Oregon Assn. for Retarded Children.
   HELP FOR MARK.

 Oregon State System of Higher Education, Teaching Research.
   SEE Teaching Research.

 Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp.
   MODERN OBSTETRICS: POSTPARTUM HEMORRHAGE.


                                   P

 Pace Productions, Inc.
   THE BIRTH OF A PIG.
   CASTRATING AND TAIL CLIPPING.
   COW CLIPPING.
   EAR NOTCHING AND CLIPPING TEETH.
   JOCKO GOES TO THE HOSPITAL.

 Pal Productions.
   SHIPS NORTH TO PRUDHOE BAY.

 Pap Films.
   FLOWER FORMS.

 Paramount Pictures.
   WATERLOO.

 Paramount Pictures Corp.
   A NEW LEAF.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   AMPHIBIOUS FIGHTERS. (R)
   AND THE ANGELS SING. (R)
   AT THE CAGE DOOR CANTEEN. (R)
   CARTOONS AIN'T HUMAN. (R)
   GOING MY WAY. (R)
   THE GREAT MOMENT. (R)
   HAIL THE CONQUERING HERO. (R)
   HAPPY BIRTHDAZE. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH, BOY SCOUT. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH HAUNTS A HOUSE. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH PLAYS CUPID. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH'S LITTLE SECRET. (R)
   HER HONOR THE MARE. (R)
   HITLER GANG. (R)
   HOUR BEFORE THE DAWN. (R)
   THE HUNGRY GOAT. (R)
   I LOVE A SOLDIER. (R)
   IN CURRENT EVENTS. (R)
   JASPER'S MUSIC LESSON. (R
   A JOLLY GOOD FURLOUGH. (R)
   LADY IN THE DARK. (R)
   MARRY-GO-ROUND. (R)
   RATION FER THE DURATION. (R)
   RATIONED RHYTHM. (R)
   SEEIN RED, WHITE 'N BLUE. (R)
   STANDING ROOM ONLY. (R)
   STORY OF DR. WASSELL. (R)
   TOO WEAK TO WORK. (R)
   TUMBLE BUGS. (R)
   THE UNINVITED. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-4. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-5. (R)
   WOOD PECKIN'. (R)
   YOU CAN'T RATION LOVE. (R)

 Parents' Magazine Films, Inc.
   WINTER OF THE WITCH.

 Parke, Davis & Co.
   KETALAR ANESTHESIA IN OBSTETRICS.

 Parkison, Ellamarie.
   THE NINETEEN FRIENDS OF ROBBIE MCKNEE.

 Parts & Accessories Dept., Chevrolet Motor Division.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division. Parts &
      Accessories Dept.

 Pathe Consortium Cinema.
   LES CHOSES DE LA VIE.
   THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.
   GREAT WRITERS OF THE UNITED STATES.
   THE LAND OF ISRAEL.

 Patten, Lewis B.
   DEATH OF A GUNFIGHTER.

 Peach Enterprises.
   THROUGH DIFFERENT EYES.

 Pearson, Betty Jean Deming.
   OBSERVATION.
   THE OBSERVER.

 Peck, Merlin.
   THROUGH DIFFERENT EYES.

 Perenchio, Inc.
   SEE Fight of the Champions.

 Perfection Form Co.
   ENGLAND'S LAKE COUNTRY.
   SHAKESPEARE'S STRATFORD.
   VIEWS OF LONDON.

 Petersen Co.
   [SHAKEY'S, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Petersen Productions, Inc.
   FOLLOW ME.

 Pfizer (Chas.) & Co., Inc.
   [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Pfizer, Inc.
   [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Pfizer, Inc.
   SEE:
     Hai Karate Pfizer, Inc.
     Pfizer (Chas.) & Co., Inc.

 Phalanx Productions, Inc.
   THE PRIVATE LIFE OF SHERLOCK HOLMES.

 Phillips (Ron) Associates.
   THE FLUTTERBYE.

 Phillipson, Grace M.
   FIRST AID FOR BOOKS.

 Pike Productions, Inc.
   AN/TTC-31.

 Pinelli, Tullio.
   SWEET CHARITY.

 Pollard, Herschel.
   THE NINETEEN FRIENDS OF ROBBIE MCKNEE.

 Pollini, Francis.
   PRETTY MAIDS ALL IN A ROW.

 Pontecorvo, Gillo.
   BURN.

 Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Pontiac Motor Division.

 Population Dynamics.
   TO KEEP GREEN FIELDS FROM BEING SUBDIVIDED.

 Porsche Audi, division of Volkswagen of America.
   SEE Volkswagen of America. Porsche Audi.

 Portafilms.
   ELECTRIC SAFETY FROM A TO ZAP.
   NO DEPOSIT, NO RETURN.

 Porter, William Sidney.
   THE GIFT OF THE MAGI.

 Pownall, Jon.
   GOODBYE, FAT LARRY.

 Priestley, J. B.
   A SEVERED HEAD.

 Principal Artists Productions.
   TARZAN TRIUMPHS. (R)

 Principal Film Exchange, Inc.
   KNICKERBOCKER HOLIDAY. (R)

 Producers Associates.
   IT'S EASY IF YOU KNOW HOW.

 Producers Corp. of America.
   KNICKERBOCKER HOLIDAY. (R)

 Productions Artistes Associes.
   L'ENFANT SAUVAGE.
   MISSISSIPPI MERMAID.

 Produzioni Associate Delplios.
   MISSISSIPPI MERMAID.

 Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.
   BURN.

 Project Physics, Inc.
   THE WORLD OF ENRICO FERMI.

 Protheroe, Chester F.
   CHORDATA.


                                   Q

 QED Productions.
   THE ECOLOGICAL CRISIS.
   A MATTER OF CONSCIENCE.

 Quality Bakers of America Cooperative, Inc.
   [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]


                                   R

 RFB Enterprises, Inc.
   PIECES OF DREAMS.

 RKO General, Inc.
   ACTION IN ARABIA. (R)
   AROUND THE WORLD. (R)
   THE CURSE OF THE CAT PEOPLE. (R)
   DAYS OF GLORY. (R)
   THE FALCON AND THE CO-EDS. (R)
   THE FALCON OUT WEST. (R)
   GANGWAY FOR TOMORROW. (R)
   THE GHOST SHIP. (R)
   GOVERNMENT GIRL. (R)
   HIGHER AND HIGHER. (R)
   HOTEL RESERVE. (R)
   THE IRON MAJOR. (R)
   PASSPORT TO DESTINY. (R)
   ROOKIES IN BURMA. (R)
   SEVEN DAYS ASHORE. (R)
   SHOW BUSINESS. (R)
   TENDER COMRADE. (R)
   YELLOW CANARY. (R)

 RKO Radio British Productions. Ltd.
   YELLOW CANARY. (R)

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   ACTION IN ARABIA. (R)
   AROUND THE WORLD. (R)
   THE CURSE OF THE CAT PEOPLE. (R)
   DAYS OF GLORY. (R)
   THE FALCON AND THE CO-EDS. (R)
   THE FALCON OUT WEST. (R)
   GANGWAY FOR TOMORROW. (R)
   THE GHOST SHIP. (R)
   GOVERNMENT GIRL. (R)
   HIGHER AND HIGHER. (R)
   HOTEL RESERVE. (R)
   THE IRON MAJOR. (R)
   PASSPORT TO DESTINY. (R)
   ROOKIES IN BURMA. (R)
   SEVEN DAYS ASHORE. (R)
   SHOW BUSINESS. (R)
   TENDER COMRADE. (R)

 R.P.A., S.R.L.
   SERAFINO.

 Radlauer, Ed.
   MINIBIKES.
   MOTORCYCLE RACING.
   SNOWMOBILES.
   VW BUGS.

 Rainbow Productions, Inc.
   FLIGHT OF THE DOVES.

 Rakoff, Alvin.
   SAY HELLO TO YESTERDAY.

 Ranger Assn. of New York.
   CUB CAR DERBY.
   CUT BACK WOODS BORDER.
   FIRST ANNUAL DEEPFREEZE.
   FIRST PROJECT S.O.A.R.
   PADDLES AND SADDLES.
   PIONEER WEEKEND.

 Raven Productions, Inc.
   WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH HELEN?

 Ray (Reid H.) Film Industries.
   YOUR FOOD--CHANCE OR CHOICE.

 Raybar Technical Films, Inc.
   ANGEL FOOD CAKE.
   BAKING A CAKE.
   BAKING A CUSTARD.
   COOKING A STEW.
   DECORATING A CAKE.
   FISH.
   FROSTING A CAKE.
   GELATIN MOLD.
   HAMBURGERS.
   KNEADING AND CUTTING DOUGH.
   LEMON PIE FILLING.
   MAKING A PIE SHELL.
   MEASURING TECHNIQUES.
   MUFFINS.
   OMELET.
   PANCAKES.
   PINWHEEL SANDWICHES.
   PREPARING A STEW.
   PREPARING CAKE BATTER.
   PREPARING CUSTARD.
   PREPARING DOUGH.
   PREPARING TO DECORATE A CAKE.
   RIBBON AND CHECKERBOARD SANDWICHES.
   SHAPING YEAST ROLLS.
   STUFFING AND TRUSSING A CHICKEN.
   TWO CRUST PIE.
   WHITE SAUCE.
   WORKING WITH EGG WHITES.

 Raymax Productions, Inc.
   THE DEBBIE REYNOLDS SHOW.
   WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH HELEN?

 Read, John G.
   FOSSILS, STRATA AND EVOLUTION.

 Reade (Walter) Organization, Inc. Sterling Educational Films.
   SEE Sterling Educational Films.

 Reed, James W., Jr. SEE Travis/Reed Associates.

 Reese, Ellen P.
   B. F. SKINNER DEMONSTRATES OPERANT CONDITIONING.
   BORN TO SUCCEED: BEHAVIORAL PROCEDURES FOR EDUCATION.

 Regents of University of California.
   SEE University of California, Los Angeles. Regents.

 Regional Film Distributors, Inc.
   CAN HEIRONYMUS MERKIN EVER FORGET MERCY HUMPPE AND FIND TRUE
      HAPPINESS.

 Reiner Films.
   THE SELFISH GIANT.

 Reiner, Walter.
   THE SELFISH GIANT.

 Repix, Inc.
   CALIFORNIA JOE. (R)
   CANYON CITY. (R)
   CAPTAIN AMERICA. (R)
   CASANOVA IN BURLESQUE. (R)
   DEERSLAYER. (R)
   DRUMS OF FU MANCHU. (R)
   HERE COMES ELMER. (R)
   IN OLD OKLAHOMA. (R)
   THE MASKED MARVEL. (R)
   MYSTERY BROADCAST. (R)
   O, MY DARLING CLEMENTINE. (R)
   OVERLAND MAIL ROBBERY. (R)
   PISTOL PACKIN' MAMA. (R)
   PRIDE OF THE PLAINS. (R)
   RAIDERS OF SUNSET PASS. (R)
   WHISPERING FOOTSTEPS. (R)

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   CALIFORNIA JOE. (R)
   CANYON CITY. (R)
   CAPTAIN AMERICA. (R)
   CASANOVA IN BURLESQUE. (R)
   DEERSLAYER. (R)
   DRUMS OF FU MANCHU. (R)
   HERE COMES ELMER. (R)
   IN OLD OKLAHOMA. (R)
   THE MASKED MARVEL. (R)
   MYSTERY BROADCAST. (R)
   O, MY DARLING CLEMENTINE. (R)
   OVERLAND MAIL ROBBERY. (R)
   PISTOL PACKIN' MAMA. (R)
   PRIDE OF THE PLAINS. (R)
   RAIDERS OF SUNSET PASS. (R)
   WHISPERING FOOTSTEPS. (R)

 Ricketts, Cid.
   TAMMY AND THE MILLIONAIRE.

 Ritchie, Jack.
   A NEW LEAF.

 Rizzoli Film, S.P.A.
   SERAFINO.

 Robbins (Harold). Co.
   THE SURVIVORS.

 Rocket Pictures, Inc.
   HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.
   SUPERVISOR TRAINING IN HUMAN RELATIONS.

 Rogers (Charles R.) Talking Pictures Corp.
   SONG OF THE OPEN ROAD. (R)

 Rogers, Thomas.
   THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS.

 Rohr, C.
   INTRODUCTION TO STENCIL DUPLICATION.

 Roll, Edward.
   JUMP WITH MR. JUMP AND DANCE.
   TRI-DIMENSIONAL LIVING MIRROR.

 Rollins & Joffe Productions.
   BANANAS.

 Rome Co.
   TO ROME WITH LOVE.

 Ronco Teleproducts, Inc.
   RONCO SPLATTER SCREEN.

 Roncom Films, Inc.
   SERGEANT RYKER.

 Rophel Associates.
   THE HOUSE THAT MARK BUILT.

 Rothschild (Walter) Enterprises.
   CIRCLES OF GROWTH.

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   COUNT TO TEN.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   AUTO TEMP II.
   THE CASE OF THE RELUCTANT TRADER.
   COMING THROUGH IN STATION WAGONS.
   THE COMPARE CHART.
   COMPARISON SHOPPING.
   CONTROLLING ENGINE TEMPERATURE.
   CRICKET.
   CURE THE CAUSE.
   DEMON'S WORTH MORE.
   A DODGE TRUCK COMPARADRAMA.
   FOR THE WAGON PEOPLE, CORONET.
   FUELS, LUBRICANTS & FLUIDS.
   HERE COMES CRICKET; AN INTRODUCTION TO DODGE COLT.
   KEEP A GOOD THING GOING.
   THE LONG & SHORT OF IT.
   LOOK AT ALL THREE.
   LOOK AT THE DIFFERENCE.
   LOST SALE ANALYSIS.
   A NAME'S NOT ENOUGH.
   1971 CHARGER VS. TORINO 500 AND CHEVELLE MALIBU.
   [1971 CORONET VS. MALIBU & TORINO BROUGHAM]
   [1971 DART SWINGER VS. NOVA]
   1971 DODGE & CHEVROLET LIGHT-DUTY TRUCKS.
   1971 DUSTER VS. MAVERICK, WHAT FITS YOU BEST.
   [1971 DUSTER VS. NOVA]
   1971 SATELLITE VS. TORINO.
   P-DQ.
   SAFETY'S NO ACCIDENT.
   A SENSE OF OWNERSHIP.
   SHIFT QUALITY AND LINKAGE ADJUSTMENT.
   TAKE TIME.
   THAT EXTRA SOMETHING.
   TORQUEFLITE DIAGNOSIS.
   THE VALUE LEADER.
   WHY PEOPLE BUY AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT.
   THE WINNING HAND.
   WRITE IT UP.

 Royse, Chester F., Jr.
   GRAND CANYON, A SIMULATED FIELD TRIP.

 Rubinstein, Richard p.
   BALEARES 1970.

 Russfilms, Ltd.
   THE MUSIC LOVERS.


                                   S

 S. M. G. Investments, Inc.
   AMERICA AT GETTYSBURG.

 Sadtler Research Laboratories.
   BASIC INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY.

 Sanders, Lawrence.
   THE ANDERSON TAPES.

 Sanderson Films, Inc.
   AIRMAN'S INFORMATION MANUAL.
   CESSNA INTEGRATED FLIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM, FLIGHT PREP 1-11.

 Sasowsky, Norman.
   REGINALD MARSH'S PRINTS: A VISUAL STUDY.

 Schecterson (Jack) Associates, Inc.
   AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

 Schenck (Joseph M.) Enterprises, Inc.
   EYE OF THE CAT.

 Schindel, Morton.
   THE COW WHO FELL IN THE CANAL.
   NORMAN THE DOORMAN.

 Schindler, Harold.
   DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

 Schleh Associates, Inc.
   OBJECTIVES--A MANAGEMENT TOOL.

 Scholastic Magazines, Inc.
   THE AMERICAN WILDERNESS: HERITAGE IN PERIL.
   THE CITY: A PORTRAIT IN CONTRASTS.

 Science & Technology Education Center.
   THE EAGLE HAS LANDED MAN ON THE MOON.

 Science Museum, St. Paul, Minn.
   AMERICAN INDIAN LIFE ON THE SOUTHERN PLAINS.

 Science Research Associates, Inc.
   INNER-CITY SIMULATION LABORATORY.

 Score Movies, Ltd.
   TRASH.

 Scorpio Productions.
   MARITAL FULFILLMENT.

 Screen Gems.
   THE GOOD LIFE.
   INSIDE O.U.T.
   IS THERE A DOCTOR IN THE HOUSE.
   THE SHERIFF.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   A HUNTING WE WON'T GO. (R)
   DIZZY NEWSREEL. (R)
   DUTY AND THE BEAST. (R)
   THE FLY IN THE OINTMENT. (R)
   HE CAN'T MAKE IT STICK. (R)
   KINDLY SCRAM. (R)
   MASS MOUSE MEETING. (R)
   PLENTY BELOW ZERO. (R)
   PROF. SMALL AND MR. TALL. (R)
   THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A SOLDIER. (R)
   TREE FOR TWO. (R)
   THE VITAMIN G-MAN. (R)
   WILLOUGHBY'S MAGIC HAT. (R)

 Sears, Roebuck & Co.
   FIVE FACES OF EVE.
   FUNDAMENTALS OF MECHANICAL CLOTHES.
   KENMORE FABRIC MASTER WITH SOFT HEAT WRINKLE GUARD.

 Security Pictures, Inc.
   THE ROYAL HUNT OF THE SUN.

 Shaffer, Peter.
   THE ROYAL HUNT OF THE SUN.

 Shakey's, Inc.
   [SHAKEY'S, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Shane, Harold.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

 Shane, June.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.

 Shapiro, Edwin.
   THE NATURE OF CURRENT ELECTRICITY.
   THE NATURE OF HEAT AND TEMPERATURE.
   THE NATURE OF LIGHT.
   THE NATURE OF MAGNETISM.
   THE NATURE OF SOUND.
   THE NATURE OF STATIC ELECTRICITY.

 Shapiro, Stanley.
   ME, NATALIE.

 Shelley, Sidney.
   THE MCKENZIE BREAK.

 Sherpix, Inc.
   LONESOME COWBOYS.

 Silver Burdett Co.
   ADDING WITH FRACTIONS.
   ADDITION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   BETWEEN RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   BETWEEN THE WHOLE NUMBERS.
   BEYOND THE WHOLE NUMBERS.
   THE BIGGEST RECTANGLE.
   COMPARING RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   DECIMAL EQUIVALENTS FOR FRACTIONS.
   DECIMAL NAMES FOR RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   DECIMALS: ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   DIVIDING WITH DECIMALS.
   DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: MISSING FACTOR METHOD.
   DIVIDING WITH FRACTIONS: RECIPROCAL METHOD.
   DIVISION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS.
   EXPLOITATION OF ERRORS.
   FRACTIONS AND RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   GAMES.
   GRAPHING.
   GRAPHING INEQUALITIES.
   HIDDEN TREASURE.
   THE HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT.
   MEASUREMENT.
   MULTIPLICATION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   MULTIPLYING WITH DECIMALS.
   NEGATIVE RATIONALS.
   OPERATIONS EXTENDED TO NEGATIVE RATIONALS.
   PROBABILITY.
   PRODUCT OF TWO NEGATIVE NUMBERS.
   RATIO.
   RECIPROCALS--MULTIPLICATIVE INVERSES.
   THE REMAINDER IN DIVISION.
   ROUNDING.
   SOLVING PAIRS OF EQUATIONS.
   SUBTRACTING WITH FRACTIONS.
   SUBTRACTING WITH MIXED NUMERALS.
   SUBTRACTION OF RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   THE WORLD SINCE 1939.

 Silverthorne, Robert.
   TOGETHER AT THE INSTITUTE FOR THE STUDY OF NON-VIOLENCE.

 Silverthorne (Robert) Productions.
   TOGETHER AT THE INSTITUTE FOR THE STUDY OF NON-VIOLENCE.

 Sim Productions, Inc.
   ATATURK.
   MIME OVER MATTER.

 Simon, Neil.
   SWEET CHARITY.

 Simons, John.
   NEGRO KINGDOMS OF AFRICA'S GOLDEN AGE.

 Sirius Films.
   LES CHOSES DE LA VIE.

 Skinner, Burrhus Fredric.
   B. F. SKINNER DEMONSTRATES OPERANT CONDITIONING.

 Skoble (Herb) Associates.
   THE OTHER GUY.

 Slaughter Frank G.
   DOCTORS' WIVES.

 Slick, Derby R.
   ADDING AND SUBTRACTING, ONE THROUGH FIVE.

 Smith, Paul E.
   SEE Rophel Associates.

 Smith, Sally L.
   LEARNING FOR A LIFETIME: THE ACADEMIC CLUB METHOD.

 Smith, Wayne.
   AND YOU GAVE ME.
   THE NINETEEN FRIENDS OF ROBBIE MCKNEE.

 Smo-Bro Productions, Inc.
   THE GLEN CAMPBELL GOODTIME HOUR.

 Snyder (Bill) Films.
   MODERN FOIL TECHNIQUES SERIES.

 Society for Visual Education, Inc.
   AMERICA'S URBAN CRISIS.
   ELECTRICITY AT WORK.
   THE GIFT OF THE MAGI.
   INTRODUCTION TO BUSINESS MACHINES.
   JOB OPPORTUNITIES NOW
   LEARNING TO USE A SEWING MACHINE.
   METALWORKING.
   MUSICAL ADVENTURES.
   SILENT NIGHT: A CHRISTMAS LEGEND.
   THE THANKSGIVING STORY.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR LANGUAGE.
   WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

 Solinas, Franco.
   BURN.

 Soundings.
   THE SAN JUAN ISLANDS.

 Southern Baptist Convention. Sunday School Board.
   BIBLE DISCOVERERS.
   BIBLE LEARNERS.
   BIBLE SEARCHERS.
   DESIRED EXPERIENCES FOR FOURS AND FIVES.
   TOOLS FOR TEACHERS OF PRESCHOOLERS.

 Spear, Jack.
   IT'S EASY IF YOU KNOW HOW.

 Spectra Pictures Corp.
   HIS MAJESTY, THE SCARECROW OF OZ.

 Sports of the Century, Inc.
   A.K.A. CASSIUS CLAY.

 Spree, Lothar.
   FLOWER STORY: FLOWERS ALONG THE WAY OF LIFE.
   RUBBISH, GARBAGE AND OTHER TRASH.

 Squibb (E. R.) & Sons, Inc.
   CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE: PATHOPHYSIOLOGY AND TREATMENT.

 Stanton, William.
   JUMP WITH MR. JUMP AND DANCE.
   TRI-DIMENSIONAL LIVING MIRROR.

 State Historical Society of Colorado.
   COLORADO: PREHISTORIC MAN.
   COLORADO: THE CATTLEMEN.
   COLORADO: THE INDIANS.

 Stephens, Paul E.
   KALEIDOSCOPIC TEXTILE DESIGNS.

 Sterling Drug, Inc. Lehn & Fink Products. SEE Lehn & Fink Products.

 Sterling Educational Films.
   HIS MAJESTY, THE SCARECROW OF OZ.

 Sterling Television.
   BLOOD AND SAND.
   DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE.
   DRACULA.
   FALL OF BABYLON.

 Stokes, Sewell.
   ISADORA.

 Stouffer, Marty.
   SEE Wild Dog Films.

 Strindberg, August.
   THE STRONGER.

 Strolling Players, Inc.
   AN ACTOR WORKS (A SCENE FROM THE TROJAN WOMEN)

 Sturgis-Grant Productions, Inc.
   CANCER OF THE URINARY SYSTEM.
   CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE: PATHOPHYSIOLOGY AND TREATMENT.

 Sunburst Films, Inc.
   CAREERS: COMMUNICATIONS.
   CAREERS: EDUCATION.
   CAREERS: TECHNICIANS.

 Sunday River Productions.
   ACROSS THE POTOMAC.
   BLIZZARD ON SHERMAN.
   THE CLIMB TO RUTLAND, NOVEMBER 1970.
   DOUBLING THE STEEP SIDE.
   8444 ON SHERMAN HILL.
   FIRST TRAIN ON CUMBRES.
   HOME TO CHEYENNE.
   IN THE BLUE RIDGE.
   LAST TRAIN OVER CUMBRES, DECEMBER 1968.
   ON THE BRIDGE, MAY 1970.
   OVER THE RIDGE.
   6218 IN WINTER.
   6218 TO LINDSAY, APRIL 1970.
   SUMMER ALONG THE SAN JUAN.

 Syntex Family Planning Educational Service.
   YOU MAY BE THE ONLY ONE.


                                   T

 T.A. Films-Norton Simon, Inc.
   THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS.

 T.T.P. Corp. Jam Handy Productions.
   SEE Handy (Jam) Productions.

 Tandem-DFI Co.
   COLD TURKEY.

 Taralex Corp.
   CAN HEIRONYMUS MERKIN EVER FORGET
   MERCY HUMPPE AND FIND TRUE HAPPINESS.

 Tashlin, Frank.
   TH SHAKIEST GUN IN THE WEST.

 Taylor Associates.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Teaching Films, Inc.
   ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE.
   THE BACK: THE SHOULDER REGION.
   THE BACK: THE SUBOCCIPITAL REGION.
   CARE OF CHILDREN'S TEETH.
   DEEP BACK AND SPINAL CORD.
   HEAD AND NECK: THE DEEP FACE.
   HEAD AND NECK: THE FRONT OF THE SKULL AND THE FACE.
   HEAD AND NECK: VESSELS AND NERVES OF THE SUPERFICIAL FACE.
   HELP FOR MARK.
   THE LOWER EXTREMITY: POSTERIOR ASPECT OF THE THIGH.
   PELVIS AND PERINEUM: FEMALE PELVIS.
   PELVIS AND PERINEUM: FEMALE PERINEUM.
   PELVIS AND PERINEUM: MALE PERINEUM.
   PELVIS AND PERINEUM: THE MALE PELVIS.
   PLANTAR ASPECT OF THE FOOT.
   THE SUPERFICIAL BACK.
   TRIGGER FOODS.
   USE OF WATER IRRIGATORS.

 Telespar Division, Unistrut Corp.
   SEE Unistrut Corp. Telespar Division.

 Tele-Tape Corp. Jam Handy Productions.
   SEE Handy (Jam) Productions.

 Teletape Detroit Corp.
   BY RIGHT.
   CARPET, A PRACTICAL BUILDING MATERIAL.
   FIVE FACES OF EVE.

 Terrytoons.
   OSCAR'S MOVING DAY.
   TOM TERRIFIC.

 Terrytoons, Inc.
   THE BUTCHER OF SEVILLE. (R)
   THE CHAMPION OF JUSTICE. (R)
   A DAY IN JUNE. (R)
   THE FROG AND THE PRINCESS. (R)
   THE HELICOPTER. (R)
   THE HOPEFUL DONKEY. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE MEETS JEKYLL AND HYDE CAT. (R)
   MY BOY JOHNNY. (R)
   THE WRECK OF THE HESPERUS. (R)
   YOKEL DUCK MAKES GOOD. (R)

 Texaco, Inc.
   MAGIC TRAILS.

 Thompson, Jay.
   I AM ALSO A YOU.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   ABSORPTION OF LIGHT BY CHLOROPHYLL.
   AEROBIC RESPIRATION.
   BIOCHEMICAL TESTS.
   CADDISFLIES.
   CATALASE.
   CEMENTING AND LAMINATING.
   CLOSED MOLD CASTING.
   CUTTING AND FINISHING SERIES.
   DNA COMPOSITION.
   DIALYSIS.
   DIP CASTING.
   DRAGONFLY.
   DRILLING COMPRESSED CUBE.
   EFFECT OF LIGHT INTENSITY.
   EFFECT OF pH.
   EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE,
   EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE ON YEAST METABOLISM.
   EFFECT OF WAVELENGTH.
   EFFECT ON CELL MEMBRANES.
   EMBEDDING.
   END PRODUCTS.
   ENZYMATIC HYDROLYSIS.
   EXTRACTING DNA.
   FAIRY, CLAM AND TADPOLE SHRIMP.
   FALLING WATER.
   FERMENTATION.
   FERTILIZATION.
   FLAT LAMINATION.
   FLEXIBLE 3-D MOLD CASTING.
   FRESH WATER BRYOZOAN.
   FROG ANATOMY.
   FROG--CIRCULATORY SYSTEM.
   FROG: DIGESTIVE SYSTEM.
   FROG--EXTERNAL ANATOMY AND ORAL CAVITY.
   FROG--GENERAL DISSECTION TECHNIQUE.
   FROG: MUSCULAR SYSTEM.
   FROG--NERVOUS SYSTEM.
   FROG--PITHING TECHNIQUE.
   FROG--RESPIRATORY SYSTEM.
   FROG: SKELETAL SYSTEM.
   FROG--UROGENITAL SYSTEM.
   FRUIT FLY CHROMATOGRAPHY.
   GIANT CHROMOSOMES OF DROSOPHILA.
   GLASS WORKING TECHNIQUES.
   GLOBAL CIRCULATION MODEL II.
   HEAT FORMING SERIES.
   HORSE CLAM.
   IDENTIFICATION OF FRESH WATER ORGANISMS.
   IDENTIFICATION OF MARINE ORGANISMS.
   INTERNAL CARVING.
   LADYBIRD BEETLE: LIFE CYCLE.
   LAMINATION USING MATCHED MOLDS.
   MAYFLIES.
   MEASURING TECHNIQUES.
   MEDIEVAL MOOD.
   MOLD MAKING.
   MOLDING.
   MOODS FROM NATURE: HOPE AND DESPAIR.
   MOODS FROM NATURE: TRANQUILITY.
   MOSQUITO: LIFE CYCLE.
   MOVEMENT OF WATER.
   THE MUD FLAT ENVIRONMENT.
   NEREIS.
   NORTH AMERICA CLOUD PATTERNS I-II.
   NORTHERN HEMISPHERE CLOUD PATTERNS.
   NUDIBRANCHS.
   OBELIA.
   OPEN MOLD CASTING.
   PAPER CHROMATOGRAPHY.
   PARASITIC ISOPOD.
   pH: HYDROGEN ION CONCENTRATION.
   pH: INDICATORS AND BUFFERS.
   PHYSICAL CHANGES IN PLANT TISSUE.
   PIGMENTS.
   PIPEVINE SWALLOWTAIL: LIFE CYCLE.
   PLASTER MOLD MAKING.
   THE POND ENVIRONMENT.
   PTYALIN.
   THE ROCKY COAST ENVIRONMENT.
   ROTATIONAL MOLDING.
   THE SANDY BEACH ENVIRONMENT.
   SEA HARE.
   SOUTH PACIFIC CLOUD PATTERNS I.
   STORM DEVELOPMENT.
   THE STREAM ENVIRONMENT.
   THE TAPESTRY OF THE EARTH.
   TORNADO.
   TORNADO SITUATION.
   TROPICAL ATLANTIS CLOUD PATTERNS I-II.
   TROPICAL PACIFIC CLOUD PATTERNS I-II.
   USING PLASTER MOLD.
   VOLUMETER.
   WATER TIGER BEETLE.
   WEIGHING TECHNIQUES: TRIPLE BEAM BALANCE.

 Timkel Enterprises, Inc.
   THE TIM CONWAY COMEDY HOUR.

 Tintern Research & Educational Enterprises.
   ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.
   MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

 Titan Productions.
   SERAFINO.

 Title Insurance & Trust Co.
   HOW TO CREATE SALABLE LISTINGS.

 Tomlinson, Robert A.
 A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

 Tonylyn Productions, Inc.
   MY SECRET LIFE.

 Tors (Ivan) Films, Inc.
   DAKTARI.

 Training Dept., Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn.
   SEE Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn., San Francisco.
      Training Dept.

 Tramco Industries, Inc.
   TRAMCO PRESENTS OVERHAUL PROCEDURES, TORQUEFLITE TRANSMISSION MODELS
      904 AND 727.

 Trans American Films.
   WITCHCRAFT '70.

 Travis, Mack A.
   GUIDE TO A SUMMER THEATRE.

 Travis/Reed Associates.
   GUIDE TO A SUMMER THEATRE.

 Trend Films.
   AMERICA, I KNOW YOU.
   HORSES.
   IMPRESSIONS.
   NIGHT PEOPLE'S DAY.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
   BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID.
   THE GANG'S ALL HERE. (R)
   LITTLE MURDERS.
   MAKING IT.
   THE SONG OF BERNADETTE. (R)
   A VOLCANO IS BORN. (R)

 Twentieth Century-Fox Productions, Ltd.
   HELLO--GOODBYE.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Television, Inc.
   LAND OF THE GIANTS.


                                   U

 The Ultimate Mirror.
   BALEARES 1970.

 Ultra Film, S.P.A.
   BETTER A WIDOW.

 Uni-Bet Productions.
   TAMMY AND THE MILLIONAIRE.

 Unistrut Corp. Cable Tray Division.
   THE MEDIUM DUTY UNISTRUT CABLE TRAY SYSTEMS.

 Unistrut Corp. Telespar Division.
   A NEW CONCEPT IN SIGN SUPPORT SYSTEMS.

 United Artists Corp.
   A.K.A. CASSIUS CLAY.
   THE ALL AMERICAN BAND.
   BANANAS.
   BURN.
   CATCH THE JOY.
   COLD TURKEY.
   DON'T HUSTLE AN ANT WITH MUSCLE.
   L'ENFANT SAUVAGE.
   FROM BED TO WORSE.
   THE FROZE NOSE KNOWS.
   GO FOR CROAK.
   THE GREAT CONTINENTAL OVERLAND CROSSCOUNTRY RACE.
   THE HILLS RUN RED.
   KES.
   THE MCKENZIE BREAK.
   MRS. POLLIFAX, SPY.
   MUD SQUAD.
   THE MUSIC LOVERS.
   NEVER BUG AN ANT.
   A PAIR OF GREENBACKS.
   PIECES OF DREAMS.
   THE PRIVATE LIFE OF SHERLOCK HOLMES.
   ROUGH BRUNCH.
   THE SCALPHUNTERS.
   SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL GUNFIGHTER.
   TECHNOLOGY, PHOOEY.
   TRICK OR RETREAT.
   TWO JUMPS AND A JUMP.
   VON RICHTHOFEN AND BROWN.
   WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH HELEN?
   WHERE'S POPPA?

 United Artists Television.
   THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW.

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   ACTION IN THE NORTH ATLANTIC. (R)
   AIR FORCE. (R)
   THE ALL AMERICAN BANDS. (R)
   THE ARISTO CAT. (R
   ARMY SHOW. (R)
   BACKGROUND TO DANGER. (R)
   BEHIND THE BIG TOP. (R)
   BLAZING GUNS. (R)
   CAMPUS RHYTHM. (R)
   CARTOONS AIN'T HUMAN. (R)
   CHAMPIONS TRAINING CHAMPIONS. (R)
   CHARLIE CHAN IN THE SECRET SERVICE. (R)
   CHILDHOOD DAYS. (R)
   CONSTANT NYMPH. (R)
   DEATH VALLEY RANGERS. (R)
   DESERT SONG. (R)
   DESTINATION TOKYO. (R)
   DUDE RANCH BUCKAROOS. (R)
   EDGE OF DARKNESS. (R)
   FIND THE BLACKMAILER. (R)
   FREDDIE FISHER AND HIS BAND. (R)
   GREETINGS BAIT. (R)
   GREY WHITE AND BLUE. (R)
   GUN TO GUN. (R)
   HAPPY BIRTHDAZE. (R)
   HAPPY TIMES & JOLLY MOMENTS. (R)
   THE HARD WAY. (R)
   HER HONOR THE MARE. (R)
   HERE COMES KELLY. (R)
   HISS AND MAKE UP. (R)
   HIT PARADE OF THE GAY NINETIES. (R)
   THE HUNGRY GOAT. (R)
   HUNTING THE DEVIL CAT. (R)
   INTO THE CLOUDS. (R)
   JACK WABBIT & BEANSTALK. (R)
   A JOLLY GOOD FURLOUGH. (R)
   KING OF THE ARCHERS. (R)
   LAW RIDES AGAIN. (R)
   LITTLE ISLES OF FREEDOM. (R)
   LITTLE RED RIDING RABBIT. (R)
   THE MAN KILLERS. (R)
   MARRY-GO-ROUND. (R)
   MEATLESS FLYDAY. (R)
   MELODY PARADE. (R)
   MISSION TO MOSCOW. (R)
   MOUNTAIN FIGHTERS. (R)
   MURDER ON THE WATERFRONT. (R)
   THE MYSTERIOUS DOCTOR. (R)
   MYSTERY OF THE 13TH GUEST. (R)
   A NATION DANCES. (R)
   NEARLY EIGHTEEN. (R)
   NORTHERN PURSUIT. (R)
   OKLAHOMA OUTLAWS. (R)
   OLD ACQUAINTANCE. (R)
   OUR AFRICAN FRONTIER. (R)
   OUR ALASKAN FRONTIER. (R)
   OZZIE NELSON AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   PRINCESS O'ROURKE. (R)
   RATION FER THE DURATION. (R)
   REAR GUNNER. (R)
   REVENGE OF THE ZOMBIES. (R)
   ROD AND REEL ON ANTICOSTI ISLAND. (R)
   ROVERS RANGERS. (R)
   SARONG GIRL. (R)
   SEEIN RED, WHITE 'N BLUE. (R)
   A SHIP IS BORN. (R)
   SILVER SKATES. (R)
   SMART GUY. (R)
   SNOW SPORTS. (R)
   SPY TRAIN. (R)
   STARS ON HORSEBACK. (R)
   THE SULTAN'S DAUGHTER. (R)
   SUPER RABBIT. (R)
   SWEENEY STEPS OUT. (R)
   SWEETHEART SERENADE. (R)
   SWEETHEARTS OF THE U.S.A. (R)
   THANK YOUR LUCKY STARS. (R)
   THIS IS YOUR ENEMY. (R)
   THREE CHEERS FOR THE GIRLS. (R)
   TIN PAN ALLEY CATS. (R)
   TOM TURK & DAFFY. (R)
   TOO WEAK TO WORK. (R)
   TORTOISE WINS BY A HARE. (R)
   TROPICAL SPORTLAND. (R)
   TRUCK BUSTERS. (R)
   THE UNBEARABLE BEAR. (R)
   UNITED STATES ARMY BAND. (R)
   VAUDEVILLE DAYS. (R)
   VOICE THAT THRILLED THE WORLD. (R)
   WAGON WHEELS WEST. (R)
   WATCH ON THE RHINE. (R)
   WESTWARD BOUND. (R)
   WHAT A MAN. (R)
   WHAT'S COOKIN' DOC? (R)
   WILD HORSE STAMPEDE. (R)
   WINGS OVER THE PACIFIC. (R)
   WOMEN IN SPORTS. (R)
   WOOD PECKIN'. (R)

 United Church Press.
   A PIECE OF THE ACTION.

 United Methodist Church (United States) General Board of Education.
    Division of Curriculum Resources.
   AND YOU GAVE ME.
   DOWN THE STREET PAST THE TELEPHONE POLE.
   THE NINETEEN FRIENDS OF ROBBIE MCKNEE.
   THE STORY OF WILLIAM'S TELL.
   WHO IN THE WORLD.

 United States Borax & Chemical Corp.
   DEATH VALLEY DAYS.

 United States Catholic Conference, Inc. Urban Task Force.
   AGENDA FOR THE 70S.

 United Transparencies, Inc.
   BUSINESS LAW.
   ELEMENTARY MUSIC.
   THE MAGIC OF COLOR AND SHAPE.
   1967 ENGLISH SUPPLEMENT.
   PRINCIPLES OF BUSINESS & ECONOMICS.
   SALES AND MARKETING.
   SUCCEEDING AT WORK.

 Universal City Studios.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.

 Universal City Studios. Emka.
   SEE Emka.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   THE COCKEYED COWBOYS OF CALICO COUNTY.
   THE VIRGINIAN.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Universal Pictures.
   SEE Universal Pictures.

 Universal Pictures.
   AIRPORT.
   ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES. (R)
   AMAZING METROPOLIS. (R)
   ANIMAL TRICKS. (R)
   THE BARBER OF SEVILLE. (R)
   THE BAREFOOT JUDGE. (R)
   THE BEGUILED.
   BETTER A WIDOW.
   BOATING U.S.A.
   BUGGED IN A RUG.
   BULLS OF PAMPLONA.
   CALLING DR. DEATH, (R)
   CHARLIE'S CAMPOUT.
   CHILLER DILLERS.
   CHILLY AND THE LOONEY GOONEY.
   CHILLY AND THE WOODCHOPPER.
   CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCK. (R)
   COBRA WOMAN. (R)
   COLOSSUS: THE FORBIN PROJECT.
   COMPANY OF KILLERS.
   COOL IT, CHARLIE.
   DEATH OF A GUNFIGHTER.
   DID YOU HEAR THE ONE ABOUT THE TRAVELING SALESLADY.
   THE DIVIDED CITY.
   DON'T JUST STAND THERE.
   EAGLE VERSUS DRAGON. (R)
   EYE OF THE CAT.
   FANNIE HURST AND HER PETS. (R)
   FAT IN THE SADDLE.
   FELLOW ON A FURLOUGH. (R)
   FEUDIN, FIGHTIN-N-FUSSIN.
   FOLLOW THE BOYS. (R)
   GOPHER BROKE.
   THE GREATEST MAN IN SIAM. (R)
   HAT CHECK HONEY. (R)
   HER PRIMITIVE MAN. (R)
   HI GOOD-LOOKIN'. (R)
   HIGHWAY HECKLERS.
   HOOK, LINE AND STINKER.
   HOT TIME ON ICE.
   HOUSE OF CARDS.
   HOW TO FRAME A FIGG.
   I LOVE MY WIFE.
   THE IMPOSTOR. (R)
   JERKY TURKEY.
   JOURNEY TO SHILOH.
   A LAD IN BAGDAD.
   LADIES COURAGEOUS. (R)
   LITTLE SKEETER.
   LOTSA LUCK.
   THE LOVE GOD.
   MADIGAN.
   MAGAZINE MODEL. (R)
   A MAN CALLED GANNON.
   A MATTER OF INNOCENCE.
   MELODY GARDEN. (R)
   MRS. LOWELL THOMAS--FUR FARMER. (R)
   MOON OVER LAS VEGAS. (R)
   MOONLIGHT IN VERMONT. (R)
   MOUSE IN THE HOUSE.
   THE MUMMY'S GHOST. (R)
   THE NAUTICAL NUT.
   NIAGARA FRONTIER.
   THE NIGHT OF THE FOLLOWING DAY.
   NOTHING LIKE A DANE.
   OCTOBERFEST.
   OKLAHOMA RAIDERS. (R)
   ONE HORSE TOWN.
   ONE MORE TRAIN TO ROB.
   P.J.
   PASTE MAKES WASTE.
   A PECK OF TROUBLE.
   PHANTOM LADY. (R)
   PHONEY PONY.
   PREHISTORIC SUPER SALESMAN.
   PROFILE OF A RACE DRIVER.
   PROJECT REJECT.
   PUFNSTUF.
   RAID ON ROMMEL.
   RED SKY AT MORNING.
   SECRET AGENT WOODY WOODPECKER.
   THE SECRET WAR OF HARRY FRIGG.
   SERGEANT RYKER.
   THE SHAKIEST GUN IN THE WEST.
   SHIP A'HOY WOODY.
   SING A JINGLE. (R)
   SKULLDUGGERY.
   SLEEPY TIME BEAR.
   SLIGHTLY TERRIFIC. (R)
   SORRY SIGNORINA.
   STARS AND VIOLINS. (R)
   STORY OF A WOMAN.
   SWEDE 'N LOVELY.
   SWEET CHARITY.
   SWEET SWING. (R)
   SWINGTIME JOHNNY. (R)
   TELL THEM WILLIE BOY IS HERE.
   THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS.
   TOPAZ.
   TUMBLE WEED GREED.
   TURKEY AU GO-GO.
   THE TWO FACES OF KENYA.
   TWO MULES FOR SISTER SARA.
   UNDER SEA DOGS.
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WEEK-END PASS. (R)
   WEIRD WOMAN. (R)
   WHAT'S SO BAD ABOUT FEELING GOOD?
   WHEN THE LEAVES FALL.
   WINDOW ON THE EAST.
   WINGS IN RECORD TIME. (R)
   WONDERFUL WHIRLYBIRDS.
   WOODY THE FREELOADER.
   WOODY'S KNIGHT MARE.
   WORLD'S YOUNGEST AVIATOR. (R)

 Universal Pictures Co.
   TAMMY AND THE MILLIONAIRE.
   WARKILL.

 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
   ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES. (R)
   AMAZING METROPOLIS. (R)
   ANIMAL TRICKS. (R)
   THE BARBER OF SEVILLE. (R)
   THE BAREFOOT JUDGE. (R)
   CALLING DR. DEATH. (R)
   CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCK. (R)
   COBRA WOMAN. (R)
   EAGLE VERSUS DRAGON. (R)
   FANNIE HURST AND HER PETS. (R)
   FELLOW ON A FURLOUGH. (R)
   FOLLOW THE BOYS. (R)
   THE GREATEST MAN IN SIAM. (R)
   HAT CHECK HONEY. (R)
   HAVE GUN, CAN'T TRAVEL.
   HER PRIMITIVE MAN. (R)
   HI GOOD-LOOKIN'. (R)
   THE IMPOSTOR. (R)
   ISLAND HOPPIN'.
   LADIES COURAGEOUS. (R)
   MAGAZINE MODEL. (R)
   MELODY GARDEN. (R)
   MRS. LOWELL THOMAS--FUR FARMER. (R)
   MOON OVER LAS VEGAS. (R)
   MOONLIGHT IN VERMONT. (R)
   THE MUMMY'S GHOST. (R)
   OKLAHOMA RAIDERS. (R)
   OPERATION SHANGHAI.
   PHANTOM LADY. (R)
   SING A JINGLE. (R)
   SKI FOR TWO.
   SLIGHTLY TERRIFIC. (R)
   STARS AND VIOLINS. (R)
   SWEET SWING. (R)
   SWINGTIME JOHNNY. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WEEK-END PASS. (R)
   WEIRD WOMAN. (R)
   WINDOW PAINS.
   WINGS IN RECORD TIME. (R)
   WORLD'S YOUNGEST AVIATOR. (R)

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   ANNE OF THE THOUSAND DAYS.
   CAN HEIRONYMUS MERKIN EVER FORGET MERCY HUMPPE AND FIND TRUE
      HAPPINESS.
   ISADORA.
   JOURNEY TO THE FAR SIDE OF THE SUN.
   A MATTER OF INNOCENCE.
   THE NIGHT OF THE FOLLOWING DAY.
   THREE INTO TWO WON'T GO.

 Universal Productions France.
   BETTER A WIDOW.

 Universal-Public Arts Productions.
   THE LAWYERS.

 Universal Television.
   THE SURVIVORS.

 University Films.
   MACMILLAN ENGLISH FILMSTRIPS.

 University of California at Los Angeles. Dept. of Chemistry.
   NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE.

 University of California. Regents.
   NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE.

 Upjohn Co.
   GRAVLEE JET WASHER FOR ENDOMETRIAL ANALYSIS.
   MEDICAL POTENTIAL OF LASERS.

 Urban Media Materials, Inc.
   DO YOU KNOW.
   A MUSEUM IS A PLACE TO LEARN.
   PROBLEMS OF OUR CITIES.
   PUERTO RICO AND THE PUERTO RICANS.

 Urban Task Force, United States Catholic Conference, Inc.
   SEE United States Catholic Conference, Inc. Urban Task Force.

 Urbex Affiliates, Inc.
   AGENDA FOR THE 70S.

 Uris, Leon.
   TOPAZ.


                                   V

 Valoria Films.
   DOMICILE CONJUGAL.

 Veriation Films, Inc.
   DARKNESS, DARKNESS.

 Villines, Gaylynn.
   YOU CAN'T ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANT.

 Virgo International Pictures, Inc.
   WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH HELEN?

 Vision Associates.
   EVERYONE LOVES A BRIDE.
   IT'S BABY TIME.

 Visual Aids Studio.
   A GALLERY OF WATERCOLORS.
   MAKE-UP.
   WATERCOLOR.
   WATERCOLOR: HANDLING THE MEDIUM.
   WATERCOLOR: MATERIALS.

 Visual Education Centre.
   AFRICA: LIVING IN TWO WORLDS.
   BOY OF BOTSWANA.
   CITY BOY OF THE IVORY COAST.
   TWO BOYS OF ETHIOPIA.

 Visual Science Productions.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.

 Visual Sciences.
   CHORDATA.

 Vitaphone Corp.
   THE ARISTO CAT. (R)
   GREETINGS BAIT. (R)
   HISS AND MAKE UP. (R)
   JACK WABBIT & BEANSTALK. (R)
   LITTLE RED RIDING RABBIT. (R)
   MEATLESS FLYDAY. (R)
   SUPER RABBIT. (R)
   TIN PAN ALLEY CATS. (R)
   TOM TURK & DAFFY. (R)
   TORTOISE WINS BY A HARE. (R)
   THE UNBEARABLE BEAR. (R)
   WHAT'S COOKIN' DOC? (R)

 Volkswagen of America. Porsche Audi.
   1970 PORSCHE DOES IT.

 Von Fallersleben, August Heinrich Hoffmann. SEE Fallersleben, August
    Heinrich Hoffmann von.

 Von Meek, Barbara.
   THE MUSIC LOVERS.


                                   W

 Wah Chang.
   SEE Chang, Wah.

 Wallop, Douglass.
   THE GOOD LIFE.

 Wally, George B.
   WALLY: HIS WORK AND HIS LOVES.

 Ward, Fred
   MEXICO: 12,000 YEARS OF HISTORY.

 Ward (Fred) Productions, Inc.
   MEXICO: 12,000 YEARS OF HISTORY.
   LA RAZA: THE STORY OF MEXICAN-AMERICANS.

 Ward (Jay) Productions, Inc.
   THE GENERAL.

 Warhol (Andy) Films, Inc.
   LONESOME COWBOYS.

 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
   ACTION IN THE NORTH ATLANTIC. (R)
   AIR FORCE. (R)
   THE ALL AMERICAN BANDS. (R)
   ARMY SHOW. (R)
   BACKGROUND TO DANGER. (R)
   BEHIND THE BIG TOP. (R)
   CHAMPIONS TRAINING CHAMPIONS. (R)
   CHILDHOOD DAYS. (R)
   CONSTANT NYMPH. (R)
   DESERT SONG. (R)
   DESTINATION TOKYO. (R)
   DUDE RANCH BUCKAROOS. (R)
   EDGE OF DARKNESS. (R)
   FIND THE BLACKMAILER. (R)
   FREDDIE FISHER AND HIS BAND. (R)
   GREY WHITE AND BLUE. (R)
   GUN TO GUN. (R)
   HAPPY TIMES & JOLLY MOMENTS. (R)
   THE HARD WAY. (R)
   HIT PARADE OF THE GAY NINETIES. (R)
   HUNTING THE DEVIL CAT. (R)
   INTO THE CLOUDS. (R)
   KING OF THE ARCHERS. (R)
   LITTLE ISLES OF FREEDOM. (R)
   THE MAN KILLERS. (R)
   MISSION TO MOSCOW. (R)
   MOUNTAIN FIGHTERS. (R)
   MURDER ON THE WATERFRONT. (R)
   THE MYSTERIOUS DOCTOR. (R)
   A NATION DANCES. (R)
   NORTHERN PURSUIT. (R)
   OKLAHOMA OUTLAWS. (R)
   OLD ACQUAINTANCE. (R)
   OUR AFRICAN FRONTIER. (R)
   OUR ALASKAN FRONTIER. (R)
   OZZIE NELSON AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   PRINCESS O'ROURKE. (R)
   REAR GUNNER. (R)
   ROD AND REEL ON ANTICOSTI ISLAND. (R)
   ROVERS RANGERS, (R)
   A SHIP IS BORN. (R)
   SNOW SPORTS. (R)
   STARS ON HORSEBACK. (R)
   SWEENEY STEPS OUT. (R)
   SWEETHEART SERENADE. (R)
   THANK YOUR LUCKY STARS. (R)
   THIS IS YOUR ENEMY. (R)
   THREE CHEERS FOR THE GIRLS. (R)
   TROPICAL SPORTLAND. (R)
   TRUCK BUSTERS. (R)
   UNITED STATES ARMY BAND. (R)
   VAUDEVILLE DAYS. (R)
   VOICE THAT THRILLED THE WORLD. (R)
   WAGON WHEELS WEST. (R)
   WATCH ON THE RHINE. (R)
   WOMEN IN SPORTS. (R)

 Waterbury Films, Ltd.
   SCROOGE.

 Wathen-Dunn, Peter.
   SCAG.

 Weitman (Robert M.) Productions.
   THE ANDERSON TAPES.

 Welcome Wagon International.
   EVERYONE LOVES A BRIDE.
   IT'S BABY TIME.

 Werrenrath, Reinald, Jr.
   NATURE IN THE CITY.
   REFLECTIONS IN A POND.
   VOWELS AND THEIR SOUNDS.

 Westerman, R. C.
   ROD RUDSTROM'S VARIATIONS ON THE WESTERMAN TECHNIQUE.

 Western Minerals, Inc.
   GRAND CANYON, A SIMULATED FIELD TRIP.

 Westinghouse Electric Corp.
   ANOTHER CLEAN STORY.
   THE EASY EIGHT WAY TO INCREASE DRYER SALES.
   A NEW TWIST.
   THE STORY BEHIND THE FEATURES.

 Weston, John.
   HAIL, HERO.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   THE COW WHO FELL IN THE CANAL.
   NORMAN THE DOORMAN.
   ROSIE'S WALK.
   THE SELFISH GIANT.

 Westward Productions.
   HOUSE OF CARDS.

 Westward Productions, Inc.
   STORY OF A WOMAN.

 Wexler Film Productions, Inc.
   MODERN OBSTETRICS: POSTPARTUM HEMORRHAGE.

 Where's Poppa Co.
   WHERE'S POPPA?

 White, Lionel.
   THE NIGHT OF THE FOLLOWING DAY.

 Wild Dog Films.
   BOTSWANA, WHERE A RIVER DIES.

 Wilde, Oscar.
   THE SELFISH GIANT.

 Wiley (John) & Sons, Inc.
   THE ACCOUNTING MACHINE.
   ARTERIAL BLOOD PRESSURE REGULATION.
   THE CARD PUNCH.
   DNA: BLUEPRINT OF LIFE.
   FOURIER SERIES.
   GROUND WATER: THE HIDDEN RESERVOIR.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL CONCEPTS.
   LEGS: A SYSTEM OF INDIVIDUALIZED INSTRUCTION FOR NURSING EDUCATION.
   MASS SPECTROMETRY.
   MICROELECTRODES IN MUSCLE.
   MUSCLE SPINDLE.
   NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE.
   POSITION FROM VELOCITY.
   REVOLUTION.
   VELOCITY FROM POSITION.

 Willard Pictures, Inc.
   BOATING U.S.A.

 Williams, Charles.
   DON'T JUST STAND THERE.

 Wine Institute.
   SCIENCE AND ART OF WINE MAKING.
   THE WINE IN YOUR LIFE.
   WINE IS FUN.
   WINE LAND OF AMERICA.

 Winkast Film Productions, Ltd.
   A SEVERED HEAD.

 Winters, Shirley Jean.
   YOU CAN COMPOSE A DANCE.

 Wise Owl Club of the National Society for the Prevention of Blindness.
   SEE National Society for the Prevention of Blindness. Wise Owl Club.

 Wolfe, Dan E.
   SEE De Wolfe Photography.

 Wombat Productions, Inc.
   I THINK.

 Wonderful Films.
   I AM ALSO A YOU.

 Woodfall Films, Ltd.
   KES.

 Woodward, Charles.
   THE BOYS IN THE BAND.

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   THE DISTURBANCE CALL: GENERAL.
   SHOOT--DON'T SHOOT.

 Wrather Corp.
   LASSIE.

 Wyeth, Andrew N.
   THE STORY OF CAESAR RODNEY.


                                   X

 Xanadu Productions.
   THE NATIONAL FLOWER OF BROOKLYN.


                                   Y

 You Discover, Inc.
   YOU DISCOVER SAUDI ARABIA.

 Young Horizons, Inc.
   ZOO WORLD OF ART.

 Young, Jeffrey.
   THE STRONGER.


                                   Z

 Zouary, Maurice H.
   THE REBEL PRIEST.

 Zwart, Gerrit C.
   CHORDATA.

 Zwart, Helen Smith.
   CHORDATA.


           U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1972 O - 450-642


              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 25, Parts 12–13, Number 2




                     Motion Pictures and Filmstrips




                             July-December
                                  1971


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE · THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS

                            WASHINGTON: 1972




                           L.C. card 6—35347


          This number identifies the Library of Congress
          printed card for the complete series of the _Catalog
          of Copyright Entries_.

          For sale by the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
          Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.
          Price of this part is given on page vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual or annual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $50 a year, for periods of one, two, or three
years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates
of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20540.

Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part. Some parts also contain registrations made under symbols
other than those listed for the particular part, if the subject matter
or type of material is similar to that generally included in the part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

   F Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
       designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
       those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
       to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
       the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
       domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

   I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

   O Published works of foreign origin registered under the
       waiver-of-fee provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United
       States Code_). (BIO, GFO)

   P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
       possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

   U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
       either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                              _Price per
                                                              semiannual
                                                                  issue_

 Part I      Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and
               Contributions to Periodicals (In 2 sections)        $7.50
 A             Books
 BB            Contributions to periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 2      Periodicals (Annual issue)                             5.00
 B             Periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 3–4   Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery            2.50
 C             Lectures and other works prepared for oral
                 delivery
 D             Dramatic or dramatico-musical works
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 5      Music (In 2 sections)                                  7.50
 E             Musical compositions
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 6      Maps and Atlases                                       2.50
 F             Maps
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art,
               Scientific and Technical Drawings,
               Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
               Illustrations                                        2.50
 G             Works of art and models or designs for works
                 of art
 H             Reproductions of works of art
 I             Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific
                 or technical character
 J             Photographs
 K             Prints and pictorial illustrations
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 11B    Commercial Prints and Labels (Annual issue)            5.00
 KK            Commercial prints and labels
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures and Filmstrips                         2.50
 L             Motion-picture photoplays
 M             Motion pictures other than photoplays
 R             Renewal registrations

Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $50.00; $12.50
additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Current Registrations   87

                       Renewal Registrations  147

                       Name Index             157




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list published and unpublished motion pictures currently
registered in classes L and M, and filmstrips currently registered in
classes A and J. Films for which the copyright has been renewed are
listed separately in the Renewal Registrations section. The motion
pictures registered include feature pictures, cartoons, industrial
films, classroom films, television films, etc. Many of the recording
scripts made to accompany filmstrips are registered in classes C and D
and are listed in _Parts 3–4: Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral
Delivery_.

Arrangement is by title. Each work is described in a main entry which
includes information pertinent to the copyright claim. References are
made from other titles associated with the films.

The Name Index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing
companies, sponsors, authors, etc. given in the main entries covers both
currently registered works and renewal registrations, the latter being
identified by the symbol (R).

For works currently registered each main entry includes the following
items of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Production statement including name of releaser.

  3) Physical description, including running time or number of reels,
       width of film, etc.

  4) Series statement.

  5) Author and title of the published work on which the film is based
       or with which it is correlated.

  6) Names of individuals or organizations contributing to the
       production of the film.

  7) Names of principal actors and actresses, generally not more than
       five.

  8) Names given in the application which do not appear elsewhere in the
       entry.

  9) Application title if it varies substantially in wording from the
       title as it is given in the work.

 10) Name of the employer in the case of a work made for hire, if so
       named in the application.

 11) Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

 12) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed,
       preceded by the abbreviation NM, if this information is given in
       the application and is not indicated elsewhere in the entry.

 13) Copyright symbol ©.

 14) Name of the copyright claimant.

 15) For published works, date of publication as given in the
       application; for unpublished works, the date on which the last of
       all the items required to complete registration (i.e.,
       description and representative prints in the case of motion
       pictures—or a complete copy of the filmstrip—application, and
       fee) was received in the Copyright Office.

 16) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase, “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © Richard Roe & Co.;
19Sep71 (in notice: 1970), LP39800.

Works deposited in connection with copyright registration may be
selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.

For renewal registrations, the main entry includes the following items
of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Length of film in reels.

  3) Name of the author, which is usually the original producing
       company.

  4) Copyright symbol ©.

  5) Date of original copyright.

  6) Original registration number.

  7) Name of the renewal claimant followed by a statement usually
       abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal claim as supplied by
       the applicant; e.g., “John Doe & Co. (PWH)” indicates that
       renewal of copyright is claimed by John Doe & Co. as proprietor
       of copyright in a work made for hire.

  8) Date of receipt of the renewal application or fee, whichever is
       later.

  9) Renewal registration number.




                    Registrations July-December 1971


 Class L— Domestic published motion-picture photoplays             1,127

          Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                 11

          Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                        9

 Class M— Domestic published motion pictures other than photoplays   458

          Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays           52

          Filmstrips registered in class A                            35

          Filmstrips registered in class J                           265
                                                                   —————
                                   Total                           1,957
          Renewals: Classes L and M                                  497

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
and filmstrips for July-December 1971, but do not necessarily represent
the exact number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_. Registration figures for other classes of material may be
found in the respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv. print.     privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v., vol.         volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                     MOTION PICTURES AND FILMSTRIPS




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of domestic and foreign motion pictures and
filmstrips registered during the period covered by this issue.
References from variant titles and from distinctive subtitles are
interfiled.


                                   A

  THE ABOMINABLE DR. PHIBES. American International Productions
    (England) Released by American International Pictures. 93 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Vincent Price, Virginia North, Peter Jeffrey, Norman Jones,
      Joseph Cotten.

    © American International Productions (England) Ltd.; 21May71;
      LP40310.

  ABRAHAM LINCOLN. See

    PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  ACADEMIC SURVIVAL (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1,
    52 fr.; pt. 2, 37 fr.), color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Planner & writer, Robert Schley.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notices: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13498, 13491.

  THE ACADIANS (Filmstrip) Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of
    Southern Audio Visual Corp. Made by Jamieson Film Co. 70 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: By Joseph "Bill" Theriot.

    © Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of Southern Audio Visuals
      Corp. (in notice: Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of Southern
      Audio Visual Corp.); 15Dec71; JP13551.

  ACID. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made by Concept
    Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Concept Films, Inc.; 23Apr71;
    MP21765.

  ACTION READING. See

    READING IS PRIDE.

  ADAM AND JENNY. See

    DAKTARI.

  ADAM AND THE TV STAR. See

    NANCY. No. 6.

  ADAM AT 6 A.M. Cinema Center Films & Solar Productions. Released by
    National General Pictures Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Rick Rosenberg & Robert Christiansen; director,
      Robert Scheerer; writers, Stephen & Elinor Karpf; music, Dave
      Grusin; photographer, Charles Rosher, Jr.; film editor, Jack
      McSweeney.

    Cast: Michael Douglas, Lee Purcell, Joe Don Baker, Louise Latham,
      Charles Aidman.

    © Cinema Center Films & Solar Productions, Inc.; 7Aug70; LP39821.

  ADDITION. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film. ©
    Macmillan Co.; 7Dec70; MP21638.

  ADDITION. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  ADDITION & SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS, SUMS OF 10. Review Educational
    Films. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review
    Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22035.

  ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS: SUMS OF 11. Review Educational
    Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review
    Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP21916.

  ADDITION FACTS: SUMS OF 10. See

    SUMS OF 10.

  ADDITION FACTS: SUMS OF 12. See

    SUMS OF 12.

  ADDITION FACTS, SUMS OF 13. Review Educational Films. 5 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
    MP22017.

  ADIOS, SABATA. Produzioni Europee Associate [Italy] Released in the
    U.S. by United Artists Corp. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Techniscope.

    Credits: Producer, Alberto Grimaldi; director, Frank Kramer; story &
      screenplay, Renato Izzo & Gianfranco Parloni; music, Bruno
      Nicolai; director of photography, Sandro Mancori.

    Cast: Yul Brynner, Dean Reed, Pedro Sanchez, Joseph Persaud, Susan
      Scott.

    © Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.; 30Sep70; LF85.

  ADMINISTERING MEDICATIONS TO THE PREMATURE INFANT. McGraw-Hill. 4
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Normal premature infant) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21698.

  ADMIRAL JED CLAMPETT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  ADVANCED FILE STRUCTURES. Lesson 542. Edutronics Systems
    International. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics, Inc. whose full corporate name is Edutronics Systems
    International, Inc.; 3Sep69; MP21967.

  ADVENTURE. See

    LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

  ADVENTURES IN UNDERLAND. See

    GARDEN OF DELIGHTS FOR KIDS.

  AFRICA PAST (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 58 fr., color, 35
    mm. Appl. author: Violet Priestley. Appl. ti.: Black history, Africa
    past. © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center; 26Nov69;
    JP13283.

  THE AFRICAN ELEPHANT. Cinema Center Films. Released by National
    General Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Produced
    in association with Dartmouth Productions.

    Credits: Producers, William N. Graf & Monty C. Ruben; director &
      photographer, Simon Trevor; music composed & conducted, Laurence
      Rosenthal; narration written by Alan Landsburg; narration spoken
      by David Wayne; film editor: Alan L. Jaggs.

    © Cinema Center Films; 11Jun71; LP40227.

  AFRICAN HERITAGE. See

    DAKTARI.

  AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES (Filmstrip) CCM Films. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide, 30 p.

    Contents: Why the turtle has a hard shell. 39 fr.--Anasi fools the
      elephant. 45 fr.--The fox fools Anasi. 44 fr.--The tortoise's
      secret. 38 fr.--Why the Ashanti raise yams. 25 fr.--The talking
      yam. 39 fr.

    Credits: Narration, Susan Hall; art, Jason Studios.

    Appl. author: CCM: Films, Inc., text, employer for hire; Jason Art
      Service, Inc. (Jason Studios; Jason Art Studios) illus.

    © CCM: Films, Inc.; 15Oct69; A259454.

  AFRICAN SHOWDOWN. See

    DAKTARI.

  AFTER THE FIRST. Franciscan Communications Center. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. Based on a story by Donald
    Hall. © Franciscan Communications Center; 1Mar71; MP22O53.

  AFTER THE HONEYMOON. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  AFTER YOU, ALPHONSE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE AGE OF LOVE. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  THE AGRICULTURAL REVOLUTION: MAN AS FOOD PRODUCER. McGraw-Hill Films.
    Made by American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power
    International Productions & McGraw-Hill. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (History of man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book.Co. © American
    Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70;
    MP21705.

  AGRICULTURAL STUDENT. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  AH LOVE, COULD YOU AND I CONSPIRE. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  A HUNTING WE WON'T GO. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  AIR AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Vocational Education
    Productions, California State Polytechnic College. 54 fr., color, 35
    mm. Produced in cooperation with School of Agriculture & Natural
    Resources, California State Polytechnic College.

    Credits: Director, Clyde Hostetter; script & supervision, Steven C.
      LaMarine; art work, Marguerite Costigan; photography, James
      Crissey.

    © California State Polytechnic College Foundation; 23Jul71; JP13358.

  AIR TODAY, GONE TOMORROW. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 119.

  ALAMAGORDO, NEW MEXICO. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 11.

  ALARM CLOCK. See

    [BEATRICE FOODS CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  ALASKA (Filmstrip) Doubleday Multimedia. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with Reginald & Laura Hendricks.

    Contents: An Introduction. 59 fr.--Transportation and communication.
      56 fr.--Her industries. 47 fr.--Rural life of the Eskimos and
      Indians. 53 fr.--Recreation, arts, and crafts. 54 fr.

    © Doubleday Multimedia; 15Dec70; JP13380-13384.

  ALBERT EINSTEIN. McGraw-Hill Films & Project 7 Films. 16 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc.; 25Sep70; MP21684.

  ALF AND RALPH BREAK UP. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  ALIAS MR. BRAITHWAITE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  ALL ALONE BY THE CONVENT PHONE. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  ALL NIGHT PARTY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  ALL SALES FINAL. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  ALL THAT BUZZES AIN'T BEES. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  ALL THE GOOD NEIGHBORS. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  ALL THE KING'S HORSES. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  ALMOST ANNUAL CHARITY SHOW. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  ALONE AND THE SEA. King Screen Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 7Jun71; MP21647.

  ALTERNATOR - DIODE AND STATOR TESTING (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 45
    fr.; color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, AT M-46B)

    Credits: Planned & written by John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Dec71; JP13514.

  AMERICA AND THE UNITED NATIONS. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  AMERICA AND WORLD AFFAIRS. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  AMERICA AND WORLD LEADERSHIP, SECTION 1-4. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  AMERICA: MY COUNTRY. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Harold D. Drummond.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr71:
      MP21795.

  AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL? General Electric Co. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © General Electric Co.; 11Oct71; MP22047.

  AMERICAN FARMER. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  AMERICAN INDUSTRY AND LABOR. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  AMERICAN POLITICAL LIFE SINCE 1865. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  THE AMERICAN POOR: A SELF-PORTRAIT (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
    Pleasantville, New York. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Discussion
    guide, 39 p.

    Contents: Pt. 1-2: Rural Maine. 87 fr.--Pittsburgh. 69 fr.

    Appl. authors: Script by Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
      York, employer for hire of Himice Novas.

    © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 22Oct71; A282397.

  AMERICAN REVOLUTION. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  THE AMERICANS (Filmstrip) American Heritage Pub. Co. Made by Westport
    Communications Group. 16 filmstrips on 8 rolls, color, 35 mm. A/V
    Kit production.

    Contents: Why most Negroes came. 13 fr.--The life of a southern
      planter. 12 fr.--Children at work. 11 fr.--What war is like. 15
      fr.--Working conditions in the age of big business. 10
      fr.--Farmers affect our lives. 12 fr.--Overcrowding. 14 fr.--Doing
      your own thing. 17 fr.--The Bill of Rights. 11 fr.--The Whig Party
      is born. 19 fr.--Why people went west. 16 fr.--Problems people had
      moving west. 12 fr.--Life in the city. 11 fr.--Living in
      America--getting a job. 13 fr.--Ways to help. 17 fr.--Fight the
      fire! 14 fr.

    Appl. author: Staff of the Social Studies Curriculum Center,
      Carnegie-Mellon University.

    © American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc.; 12Aug70; JP13374.

  ANALYZING SECONDARY SCOPE PATTERNS. (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 40
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, M55-B)

    Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13490.

  ANASI FOOLS THE ELEPHANT. See

    AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

  ANATOMY OF A TORNADO. Kelly Foss. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Kelly
    Foss; 24Jun71; MP21652.

  AND A TIME TO DIE. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  AND BABY MAKES EIGHT. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN. Universal Pictures. Released by General Cinema
    Corp. 121 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the novel by
    Michael Crichton.

    Credits: Producer, Robert Wise.

    Cast: Arthur Hill, Kate Reid, James Olson, David Wayne, George
      Mitchell.

    © Universal Pictures; 21Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP3925O.

  ANGELA, PORTRAIT OF A REVOLUTIONARY. Yolande du Luart. 58 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Yolande du Luart; 1Sep71; LU3613.

  ANGER GREATER THAN MINE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  ANIM/8. Rohm & Haas Co. Made by MPO Videotronics. 10 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Rohm & Haas Co.; 22Oct69; MP21760.

  ANOTHER DAY, ANOTHER DOLLAR. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  ANSWERS TO OBJECTIONS & CLOSE (Filmstrip) Paul Indianer & Co. 66 fr.,
    color, 16 mm. (An Instructional program for successful selling, pt.
    3) © Paul Indianer & Co., Inc.; 1Dec70: JP13242.

  ANTERIOR TRIANGLE OF THE NECK. Teaching Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.; 24Jun71; MU8338.

  ANTICIPATING THE PROBLEM (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 128 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71;
    JP13366.

  LES ANTILLES FRANCAISES (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 3
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. French.

    Contents: Introduction. 56 fr.--La Guadeloupe et ses Iles. 58
      fr.--La Martinique. 56 fr.

    Credits: Written & photographed by George & Suzanne Russell.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13482.

  ANY SECOND NOW. Universal-Public Arts. [Canada] Released by Universal
    City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Stewart Granger, Lois Nettleton, Dana Wynter, Marion Ross,
      Joseph Campanella.

    © Universal-Public Arts Productions; 7Feb69; LP39895.

  APARTMENT HOUSE MISSIONARY (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. Made by
    Broadman Films. 29 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman
    Films; 2Aug71; A267741.

  APPLE PICKING TIME. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  APPLYING FOR A JOB. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 13
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 11Mar71; MP21771.

  ARCHIMEDES PRINCIPLE. Balbina Tavin. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. ©
    Balbina Tavin; 2Dec71; MU8382.

  AREA. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super
    8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film. © Macmillan
    Co.; 31Dec70; MP21640.

  ARMY GAME. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  ARNOLD, BOY HERO. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  ART LINKLETTER TALKS TO OUR CHILDREN. Drug Council. Made by WLUK-TV.
    60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Drug Council, Inc.; 1Aug71; MP22069.

  ART LINKLETTER TALKS TO PARENTS. Drug Council. Made by WLUK-TV. 70
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Drug Council, Inc.; 1Aug71; MP22068.

  ART, THE MARK OF MAN. Michigan Artrain. Made by Wilding. 7 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm.

    Credits: Writer, Dan Cavallero; narrator, Emil Weddige.

    © Michigan Artrain, Inc.; 4Aug71; MU8354.

  ARTHUR KROCK: PRESIDENTS I'VE KNOWN. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

  ARTHUR RUBINSTEIN. National Broadcasting Co. 81 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, George A. Vicas; narrator, Arthur
      Rubinstein; music supervision, Bernard Gavoty; cameramen, Jean
      Forgue & Georges Markman; editors, Robert Loweree & Hank Grennon.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 18Aug69; MP21741.

  ARTHUR'S WORLD. Viking Films Miniature Film Studios. Distributed by
    Sterling Educational Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the
    book by Mischa Richter. © Sterling Educational Films, division of
    Walter Reade Organization, Inc. & Book Properties, Inc., subsidiary
    of Doubleday & Co., Inc. (in notice: Doubleday & Co., Inc. & Walter
    Reade Organization); 27Jul71; LP40217.

  ARTIST FOR ALL AGES. See

    [CHRISTIAN EXPRESSIONS IN MUSIC AND ART]

  ARTISTS IN AMERICA. See

    BARBARA LINDEN.

    JAMES SALTER.

    JERRY MCNEELY.

    MARY PRITCHARD.

    PETER ALEXANDER.

    SAM "LIGHTNIN'" HOPKINS.

  ASK YOURSELF. BNA Films. 39 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to advance
    your husband's career) © BNA, Inc.; 19Jul71; MP21812.

  AT LAST A TAX BREAK FOR YOU! (Filmstrip) Paul S. Indianer. 39 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: Systematic savings, HR-10, Keogh Bill. ©
    Paul S. Indianer; 1Feb68; JP13240.

  AT THE FRONTIERS OF PSYCHOLOGICAL INQUIRY. See

    THE SLEEPING BRAIN.

    2-DIMENSIONAL MOTION PERCEPTION.

    3-DIMENSIONAL MOTION PERCEPTION.

  AUTHOR! AUTHOR. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  AUTOGRAPH HOUNDS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY. See

    ALTERNATOR--DIODE AND STATOR TESTING.

    ANALYZING SECONDARY SCOPE PATTERNS.

    BRAKE SHOE GRINDER.

    EXHAUST EMISSION CONTROL, AIR INJECTION.

    HOW TO USE A PORTABLE TACH-DWELL METER.

    IGNITION SCOPE SECONDARY WAVE FORM.

    JOHN BEAN VISUALINER.

    OFF THE CAR DYNAMIC WHEEL BALANCE.

    P.C.V. SYSTEMS: OPERATION AND SERVICE.

    PAINT PREPARATION.

    PAINT PROBLEMS.

    STATIC WHEEL BALANCE.

    STEERING GEOMETRY.

    WHEEL BALANCE OF THE CAR.


                                   B

  B.S., I LOVE YOU. Motion Pictures International. Released by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Arthur M. Broidy; writer & director, Steven
      Hillard Stern; music, Jimmy Dale & Mark Shekter; director of
      photography, David Dans; film editor, Melvin Shapiro.

    Cast: Peter Kastner, Joanna Cameron, Louise Sorel, Gary Burghoff,
      Joanna Barnes.

    © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. & Motion Pictures International,
      Inc.; 31Dec70; LP39200.

  BABAR COMES TO AMERICA. Random House. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. After
    The travels of Babar, by Jean de Brunhoff & Babar comes to America,
    by Laurent de Brunhoff.

    Credits: Writer, Laurent de Brunhoff; narrator, Peter Ustinov.

    © Random House, Inc.; 7Sep71; LP40008.

  BABY OF THE FAMILY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  BABYSITTER AND THE FARMER'S SON. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  BAD DAY AT SHADY REST. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BADGE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  BADGER GAME. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  BADGERS RETURN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  BAFFLING RAFFLE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BAKING HAND MATZO (Filmstrip) Avi Shulman & Sons. 32 fr., color, 35
    mm. Produced in cooperation with Torah Umesorah's Dept. of
    Education. Appl. author: Avi Shulman. © Avi Shulman d.b.a. Avi
    Shulman & Sons; 10Mar71; JP13304.

  BALLAD OF MOLLY TURGISS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  BALLOON. See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  BARBARA LINDEN. ETS Program Service. Made by WGBH-TV. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71;
    MP22083.

  BARBER SHOP QUARTET. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BARGES. Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    9Apr70; MP21773.

  BASEBALL GLOVES. See

    HOT DOG. Series no. 11.

  BASIC RADAR AND TRANSPONDER (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 92 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. states prev. reg. 9Sep69, JP11761. NM: revision
    & additions. © Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun70; JP13397.

  BASIC SOLDERING (Filmstrip) Koosis, Inc. 125 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl.
    author: Donald J. Koosis. © Koosis, Inc.; 4May71 (in notice: 1970);
    JP13391.

  BASIC WRITING STROKES (Filmstrip) B. J. Hogg. 37 fr., b&w, 35 mm. With
    manual, 1 v. © B. J. Hogg; 1Apr71 (in notice: 1970); JP13452.

  BATHING THE CONVALESCENT PATIENT IN BED. Blakiston Division,
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental
    nursing series, study unit 8: Personal procedures care) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne: director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Kitty Duane, Carol Murray.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21725.

  BATON TECHNIQUES. II. Brigham Young University Motion Picture Dept. 28
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 26Sep71; LP40129.

  BAUBLES, BANGLES & BEATRICE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  BAYOU BOY, PT. 1-2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  BE IT EVER SO CRUMBLED, THERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  [BEATRICE FOODS CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Beatrice Foods Co. Made by
    Russell & Begos. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., b&w. © Beatrice Foods
    Co.

    Alarm clock. SMC 870-8. © 21Oct71; MU8381.

  BEAUTIFUL MAID. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  BEAUTIFUL SCREAMER. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  BEAUTY AND THE JUDGE. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  BEAUTY IS SKIN DEEP. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  BECAUSE WE CARE. National Chemsearch Corp. 10 min., sd., b&w, ©
    National Chemsearch Corp.; 17Sep71; MU8358.

  THE BED SITTING ROOM. Oscar Lewenstein Productions. Released by Lopert
    Pictures Corp. Based on the play by Spike Milligan & John Antrobus.

    Credits: Producer-director, Richard Lester; screenplay, John
      Antrobus; director of photography, David Watkin; editor, John
      Victor Smith.

    Cast: Rita Tushingham, Ralph Richardson, Mona Washbourne, Arthur
      Lowe, Mickael Hordern.

    © Oscar Lewenstein Productions, Ltd.; 28Sep69; LP40173.

  THE BEDBATH: PREPARATION AND EMOTIONAL SUPPORT. Comprenetics. 13 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 14May71 (in
    notice: 1970); MP21960.

  THE BEDBATH: PROCEDURES. Comprenetics. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 14May71 (in notice: 1970);
    MP21961.

  BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS. Walt Disney Productions. Released by Buena
    Vista Distribution Co. 116 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
    book by Mary Norton.

    Credits: Producer, Bill Walsh; director, Robert Stevenson;
      screenplay, Bill Walsh & Don DaGradi; animation director, Ward
      Kimball; music supervisor, arranger & conductor, Irwin Kostal;
      director of photography, Frank Phillips; special effects, Alan
      Maley, Eustace Lycett & Danny Lee; choreographer, Donald McKayle;
      film editor, Cotton Warburton.

    Cast: Angela Lansbury, David Tomlinson, Roddy McDowall, Sam Jaffe,
      John Ericson.

    © Walt Disney Productions; 3Jun71; LP39817.

  BEDLOE'S SUCCESSOR. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BEDPAN AND URINAL ASSISTANCE. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study unit
    8: Personal procedures care) Produced in collaboration with William
    Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Alan Hulsman, Roberta Thomas.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21724.

  BEEN DOWN SO LONG IT LOOKS LIKE UP TO ME. B.D.S.L. Productions.
    Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Rosenthal-Young-Saunders production. Based on the novel by Richard
    Farina.

    Credits: Producer, Robert Rosenthal; director, Jeff Young;
      screenplay, Robert Schlitt; music, Gary Sherman; director of
      photography, Urs Furrer; editor, Nicholas Meyers & Bruce Witkin.

    Cast: Barry Primus, Linda DeCoff, David Downing, Joe Coe, Marion
      Clarke.

    © Paramount Pictures; 18Jun71; LP39961.

  BEEPING ROCK, See

    GREEN ACRES.

  BEFORE THE MOUNTAIN WAS MOVED. Robert K. Sharpe Productions. 60 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Robert K. Sharpe Productions, Inc.; 4Jan71;
    MP21849.

  BEHAVIOR AND ECOLOGY OF VERVET MONKEYS. Rockefeller University. 40
    min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: By Thomas T. Struhsaker.

    © Rockefeller University; 1Jan71; MP21645.

  BEHAVIOR HAS CAUSES (Filmstrip) Educational Research Council of
    America. 17 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Prepared by Harold B. Macri, Robert E. Battisti, Kenneth L.
      Shipley, J. Wright Griggs.

    © Educational Research Council of America; 10Dec71; JP13516.

  BELIEVE IN ME. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Irwin Winkler & Robert Chartoff; director,
      Stuart Hagmann; screenplay, Israel Horovitz; music, Fred Karlin;
      directors of photography, Dick Kratina & Richard C. Brooks; film
      editor, John C. Howard.

    Cast: Michael Sarrazin, Jacqueline Bisset, Jon Cypher, Allen
      Garfield, Marcia Jean Kurtz.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 2Aug71; LP39248.

  BELL FOR SAN TANCO. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  BEN, THE CHAMP. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  BENDING AND REFLECTING SUNLIGHT. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 12Jul71; MP22028.

  BEST LAID PLANS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  BETTER NEVER THAN LATE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BETTY JO CATCHES THE BOUQUET. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BETTY JO GOES TO NEW YORK. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BETTY JO'S BIKE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 29 min.
    each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc.

    Admiral Jed Clampett. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 15Sep65; LP39451.

    The Army game. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 18Oct67; LP39752.

    The badger game. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 5Oct66; LP39776.

    The badgers return. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Leon Ames.
      © 12Oct66; LP39777.

    The big chicken. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 2Feb66; LP39445.

    Brewster's baby. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 16Feb66; LP39447.

    The buggy. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast: Buddy
      Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey. ©
      19Jan66; LP39443.

    The cat burglar. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 26Jan66; LP39444.

    The Christmas present. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny
      Pearlman. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 21Dec66; LP39787.

    Cimarron drip. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 13Dec67; LP3976O.

    Clampett castle. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 20Sep67; LP39749.

    Clampett cha cha cha. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny
      Pearlman. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 9Nov66; LP39781.

    The Clampett curse. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny Pearlman.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 25Jan67; LP39736.

    The Clampetts fiddle around. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah
      Haber Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 28Feb68; LP39808.

    The Clampetts in London. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 13Sep67; LP39748.

    The Clampetts play Cupid. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah
      Haber. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 27Dec67; LP39762.

    The Clampetts play the Rams. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer &
      Raymond Bailey. © 27Oct65; LP39457.

    Come back, little Herby. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 26Oct66; LP39779.

    The common cold. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 29Dec65; LP39461.

    Corn pone Picassos. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 20Dec67; LP39761.

    The courtship of Elly. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 3Nov65; LP39458.

    The dahlia feud. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 19Apr67; LP39747.

    DeLovely and Scruggs. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Nancy Kulp. © 29Mar67; LP39745.

    The diner. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 10Jan68; LP39802.

    The doctors. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 22Mar67; LP39744.

    Dog days. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber. Cast: Buddy
      Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey. ©
      13Mar68; LP39809.

    Elly comes out. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 15Feb67; LP39739.

    Flatt and Scruggs return. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer &
      Raymond Bailey. © 23Mar66; LP39450.

    The flying saucer. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 28Dec66; LP39788.

    Foggy mountain soap. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Lester
      Flatt, Earl Scruggs. © 14Dec66; LP39786.

    The folk singers. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 30Mar66; LP39770.

    From rags to riches. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 27Mar68; LP39810.

    The Gloria Swanson story. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Gloria Swanson. © 30Nov66; LP39784.

    The gorilla. Credits: Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson. Cast: Buddy
      Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey. ©
      19Oct66; LP39778.

    Granny lives it up. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Charlie
      Ruggles. © 23Nov66; LP39783.

    Granny retires. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny Pearlman.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 11Jan67; LP39735.

    Granny tonics a birdwatcher. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Wally Cox. © 27Apr66; LP39772.

    The great Jethro. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 2Mar66; LP39448.

    The great snow. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 24Jan68; LP39804.

    The great tag team match. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 7Feb68; LP39806.

    Greetings from the President. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 11Oct67; LP39751.

    The gypsy's warning. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 1Mar67; LP39741.

    His royal highness. Credits; Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 8Mar67; LP39742.

    Hoe down a go go. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 24Nov65; LP39763.

    The housekeeper. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 3Jan68; LP39801.

    The Indians are coming. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 1Feb67; LP39737.

    Jed in politics. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny Pearlman.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 2Nov66; LP39780.

    Jed joins the board. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny Pearlman.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 16Nov66; LP39782.

    Jethro gets engaged. Credits: Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Larry Pennell. ©
      20Apr66; LP39771.

    Jethro in the reserve. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 6Dec67; LP39759.

    Jethro proposes. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 21Feb68; LP39807.

    Jethro takes love lessons. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny
      Pearlman. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Larry Pennell. © 28Sep66; LP39774.

    Jethro's military career. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 15Nov67; LP39756.

    Jethro's pad. Credits: Writers, Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 4May66; LP39789.

    The little monster. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 12Apr67; LP39746.

    The marriage machine. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny
      Pearlman. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 8Feb67; LP39738.

    The matador. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 22Feb67; LP39740.

    The mayor of Bug Tussle. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer &
      Raymond Bailey. © 4Jan67; LP39734.

    Military school. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 15Dec65; LP39460.

    Mr. Farquhar stays on. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 8Dec65; LP39459.

    Mr. Universe muscles in. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah
      Haber. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 25Oct67; LP39753.

    Mrs. Drysdale's father. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer &
      Raymond Bailey. © 1Dec65; LP39418.

    The old folks home. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 9Mar66; LP39449.

    The party line. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 14Sep66; LP39773.

    A plot for Granny. Credits: writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer. © 1Nov67;
      LP39754.

    Possum day. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 13Oct65; LP39455.

    Possum day parade. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle,
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 20Oct65; LP39456.

    The private eye. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 6Oct65; LP39454.

    The rasslin' Clampetts. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 31Jan68; LP39805.

    A real nice neighbor. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 10Nov65; LP39417.

    The reserve program. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 22Nov67; LP39757.

    The richest woman. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 5Jan66; LP39441.

    Robin Hood of Griffith Park. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 27Sep67; LP39750.

    The sheik. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast: Buddy
      Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      29Sep65; LP39453.

    The social climbers. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 8Nov67; LP39755.

    Sonny Drysdale returns. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer &
      Raymond Bailey. © 9Feb66; LP39446.

    The soup contest. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Raymond Bailey,
      Nancy Kulp. © 21Sep66; LP39775.

    The South rises again. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 29Nov67; LP39758.

    Super hawg. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey.
      © 15Mar67; LP39743.

    That old black magic. Credits: Writer, Ronny Pearlman. Cast: Buddy
      Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond Bailey. ©
      22Sep65; LP39452.

    Topless anyone. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 17Jan68; LP39803.

    The trotting horse. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer & Raymond
      Bailey. © 12Jan66; LP39442.

    The woodchucks. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny Pearlman.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 7Dec66; LP39785.

  THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 29 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc.

    The beautiful maid. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 6Apr66; LP39813.

    The bird watchers. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 13Apr66; LP39814.

    A bundle for Britain. Credits: Writer, Gene Thompson. Cast: Buddy
      Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey. ©
      25Sep68; LP39790.

    Christmas in Hooterville. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 25Dec68; LP39800.

    The Clampetts in Washington. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick
      Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Kathleen Freeman. © 22Sep70; LP40177.

    The Clampetts meet Robert Audubon Getty Crockett. Credits: Writers,
      Paul Henning & Dick Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna
      Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey. © 16Mar71; LP40196.

    Coming through the rye. Credits: Writers, Buddy Atkinson & Gene
      Thompson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 16Oct68; LP39793.

    The courtship of Homer Noodleman. Credits: Writers, Buddy Atkinson &
      Lou Huston. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max
      Baer, Raymond Bailey. © 4Dec68; LP39797.

    Cousin Roy. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy Atkinson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Roy Clark. ©
      3Apr68; LP39766.

    The crystal gazers. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 20Mar68; LP39765.

    Do you Elly take this frog? Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick
      Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 10Nov70; LP40182.

    Doctor, cure my frog. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 27Oct70; LP40181.

    Don't marry a frogman. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 20Oct70; LP40180.

    Elly, the secretary. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 2Mar71; LP40194.

    Elly the working girl. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 23Feb71; LP40193.

    Farm in the ocean. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 24Nov70; LP40184.

    The frog family. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 17Nov70; LP40183.

    Ghost of Clampett castle. Credits: Writer, Buddy Atkinson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 23Oct68; LP39794.

    The girls from Grun. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 12Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40199.

    The great cook off. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 13Nov68; LP39795.

    The great revelation. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 29Dec70; LP40187.

    The Grun incident. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 19Jan71; LP40188.

    The Grunion invasion. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 5Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40198.

    The guru. Credits: Writers, Buddy Atkinson & Ric Touceda. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 12Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP39767.

    The hot rod truck. Credits: Writers, Buddy Atkinson & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 11Dec68; LP39798.

    Jed buys the Capitol. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 29Sep70; LP40178.

    Jed inherits a castle. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 6Sep67; LP39811.

    Jethro goes to college. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Ronny
      Pearlman. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 11May66; LP39815.

    Jethro returns. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 23Mar71; LP40197.

    Lib and let lib. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 16Feb71; LP40192.

    Love finds Jane Hathaway. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick
      Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 9Mar71; LP40195.

    Mark Templeton arrives. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick
      Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey,
      Donna Douglas. © 6Oct70; LP40179.

    The palace of Clampett San. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick
      Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 9Feb71; LP40191.

    The phantom fifth floor. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 12Feb69; LP39768.

    The pollution solution. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick
      Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 15Sep70; LP40176.

    The poor farmer. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark Tuttle. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 17Nov65; LP39733.

    Robin Hood and the sheriff. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas. Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 4Oct67; LP39812.

    Sam Drucker's visit. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Frank Cady. © 5Mar69; LP39769.

    Shorty to the rescue. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 1Dec70; LP40185.

    The soap opera. Credits: Writers, Mark Tuttle & Deborah Haber. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 6Mar68; LP39764.

    Something for the Queen. Credits: Writers, Buddy Atkinson & Gene
      Thompson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 2Oct68; LP39791.

    The teahouse of Jed Clampett. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick
      Wesson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 2Feb71; LP40190.

    The Thanksgiving spirit. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 27Nov68; LP39796.

    War of the roses. Credits: Writers, Buddy Atkinson & Gene Thompson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 9Oct68; LP39792.

    The week before Christmas. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer,
      Raymond Bailey. © 18Dec68; LP39799.

    Welcome to the family. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson.
      Cast: Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond
      Bailey. © 8Dec70; LP40186.

    Women's lib. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Dick Wesson. Cast:
      Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, Max Baer, Raymond Bailey.
      © 26Jan71; LP40189.

  BEVERLY HILLBILLIES. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  BEYOND A SHADOW. See

    IRONSIDE.

  BEYOND A TREASONABLE DOUBT. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  BIG B IN TBA. See

    SELLING BATTERIES.

  BIG CHICKEN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  BIG IS LITTLE, LITTLE IS BIG. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film
    Productions & Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social
    studies/Focus on active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 1Feb71; MP21847.

  BIG KAHUNA. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  BIG SWITCH. See

    DAKTARI.

  THE BIG WAY TO GO (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. 52 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec71; JP13524.

  THE BIGGEST OBSTACLE! (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 55 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 30Sep71; JP13464.

  BILL BAILEY MUST HAVE BEEN MARRIED, THAT'S WHY HE NEVER CAME HOME. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  THE BILL OF RIGHTS. See

    THE AMERICANS.

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  BILLIE JO'S INDEPENDENCE DAY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE BIOLOGICAL ENVIRONMENT. See

    MAN AND THE OCEAN.

  BIRD WATCHERS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  BIRDMAN OF SHADY REST. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BIRTHDAY GIFT. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  BIRTHDAY TRIBUTE TO SHOSTAKOVICH. See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.

  THE BISECTED HEAD: NASAL CAVITY AND TONGUE. Teaching Films. 15 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.;
    20Sep71; MU8368.

  BLACK ARTISTS IN AMERICA. Pt. 1. Black Artists in America. 20 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Oakley N. Holmes, Jr. © Oakley N.
    Holmes, Jr. d.b.a. Black Artists in America; 6Nov70; MP21879.

  BLACK HISTORY, AFRICA PAST. See

    AFRICA PAST.

  BLACK HISTORY, 1492-1865 (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 53 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Author, James E. Anderson II.

    Appl. author: Violet Priestley.

    © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center; 23Jun69;
      JP13284.

  BLACK HISTORY, 1865-1915 (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 49 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Author, James E. Anderson II.

    Appl. author: Violet Priestley.

    © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center; 10Aug69;
      JP13285.

  BLACK HISTORY, 1915-1970 (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 54 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Author, James E. Anderson II.

    Appl. author: Violet Priestley.

    © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center; 12Jan70;
      JP13286.

  BLESS THE BEASTS & CHILDREN. Columbia Pictures Corp. [W. Germany] 109
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Glendon Swarthout.

    Credits: Producer & director, Stanley Kramer; screenplay, Mac
      Benoff; music, Barry DeVorzon & Perry Botkin, Jr.; director of
      photography, Michel Hugo; film editor, William A. Lyon.

    Cast: Bill Mumy, Barry Robins, Miles Chapin, Darel Glaser, Marc
      Vahanian.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 3Jul71; LP39463.

  BLIND TIGER. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  BLOOD IS THICKER THAN WATER AND HARDER TO SHAVE WITH. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  BLUE, BLUE DANUBE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  BLUE FEATHER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  BLUE TIE. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  BLUE WATER, WHITE DEATH. Cinema Center Films. Released by National
    General Pictures Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Blue Water Film
    Corp. production. Techniscope.

    Credits: Producer & writer, Peter Gimbel; directors, Peter Gimbel &
      James Lipscomb; narrator, Wally King; underwater photographers,
      Peter Gimbel, Stanton Waterman, Ron Taylor; surface photographer,
      James Lipscomb; film editor, John Maddox.

    Cast: Peter Gimbel, Ron Taylor, Rodney Jonklaas, Stanton Waterman,
      Valerie Taylor.

    © Cinema Center Films; 4May71; LP39668.

  BOBBIE JO'S SORORITY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE BOFORS GUN. Universal Pictures, Ltd. Released by Regional Film
    Distributors. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Capelfilms production.
    Based on John McGrath's play, Events while guarding the Bofors gun.

    Credits: Producers, Robert A. Goldston & Otto Plaschkes; director,
      Jack Gold; screenplay, John McGrath; photography, Alan Hume; film
      editor, Ann Coates.

    Cast: Nicol Williamson, Ian Holm, David Warner, Richard O'Callaghan,
      Barry Jackson.

    © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 13Sep69 (in notice: 1968); LP39251.

  BOMBER & MRS. MORONEY. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  BONSAI. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  BONSAI: THE ART OF TRAINING DWARFED POTTED TREES. Brooklyn Botanic
    Garden. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brooklyn Botanic Garden;
    13Jul71; MP21744.

  BOOKS & MAGAZINES. See

    WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

  BORED, SHE HUNG HERSELF. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  BORN TO BE GREAT (Filmstrip) Educational Motivation Systems. 96 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Motivation Systems, Inc.; 2Jun71;
    JP13243.

  A BOY CREATES. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    23Jul71; MP22023.

  BOY MEETS PENNY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  A BOY NAMED CHARLIE BROWN. Lee Mendelson Film Productions & Melendez
    Features. Released by Cinema Center Films. 86 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. A National General Pictures release.

    Credits: Producers, Lee Mendelson & Bill Melendez; director, Bill
      Melendez; writer, Charles M. Schulz; animators, Don Lusk & others;
      voices, Peter Robbins & others; music & lyrics, Rod McKuen; film
      editors, Robert T. Gillis, Charles McCann & Steve Melendez.

    © Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc. & Melendez Features, Inc.;
      6Nov69; LP39673.

  THE BOY NEXT DOOR. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  BOY TO REMEMBER. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  THE BOY WHO SAW THE WIND. King Screen Productions. 7 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 13Sep71; MP21837.

  BOY WHO STOLE THE ELEPHANT. PT. 1-2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  BOYFRIEND. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  BOY'S NIGHT OUT. See

    NANCY. No. 14.

  BRAKE SHOE GRINDER (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Automotive technology, AT F-6A)

    Credits: Planned & written by Sheldon Abbott.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Dec71; JP13512.

  BRAKE SYSTEM AVAILABILITY. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  BRANT'S BONANZA. See

    SELLING IN THE LUBE BAY.

  BRASSES. See

    LEARNING TO PLAY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.

  BREAD. See

    WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

  BREAKAWAY MONK. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  BREWSTER'S BABY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  BRIAN AND THE SHERIFF. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  BRIAN'S SONG. Screen Gems. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the
    book I am third.

    Credits: Producer, Paul Junger Witt; director, Buzz Kulik;
      screenplay, William Blinn; music, Michel Legrand; cameraman, Joe
      Biroc; film editor, Bud Isaacs.

    Cast: James Caan, Billy Dee Williams, Jack Warden, Shelley Fabares,
      Judy Pace.

    © Screen Gems, division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
      30Nov71; LP40131.

  THE BRIDE WENT HOME. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE BROWN RECLUSE SPIDER (Filmstrip) Lykim Productions. 44 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Lykim Productions; 14Dec71; JU12977.

  BRUSHING (Filmstrip) Professional Education & Research. 65 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Professional Education & Research, division of Patrick
    Productions, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13560.

  BUCK AND THE PREACHER. E & R Production Corp. & Belafonte Enterprises.
    Released by Columbia Pictures Industries. 102 min., sd., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Producer, Joel Glickman; director, Sidney Poitier;
      screenplay, Ernest Kinoy; music, Benny Carter; director of
      photography, Alex Phillips, Jr.; film editor, Pembroke J. Herring.

    Cast: Sidney Poitier, Harry Belafonte, Ruby Dee, Cameron Mitchell,
      Denny Miller.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Dec71; LP40315.

  BUDGET, BUDGET, WHO'S GOT THE BUDGET. See

    NANCY. No. 16.

  BUFFY'S FAIR LADY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  BUGGY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  A BULLET FOR MCGARRET. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  BULLET FOR MARK. See

    IRONSIDE.

  THE BULLET, PT. 1-2. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  A BUNDLE FOR BRITAIN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  BUNDLE OF JOY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE BUSHMEN IN THE KALAHARI DESERT (Filmstrip) American
    Anthropological Assn. Made by Macmillan Co. 67 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Script & narration, Richard B. Lee; photographers, Richard
      B. Lee & Irven De Vore.

    Appl. states prev. pub. 12Aug68, JP12503. NM: additions & revisions.

    © American Anthropological Assn.; 12Apr71; JP13363.

  BUSIEST BRIDE IN THE WORLD. See

    NANCY. No. 12.

  BUSTER KEATON RIDES AGAIN. National Film Board of Canada. Toronto. 55
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © National Film Board of Canada; 16Oct65;
    LF83.

  BUT I'D RATHER WEAR MY OWN PAJAMAS. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Interpersonal relationships in
    nursing, unit 1: making a sensitive response) © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    1Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP21690.

  BUT WOULD YOU WANT ONE TO MARRY YOUR SISTER. See

    THAT GIRL. NO. 115.

  BUTLER DID IT. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  BUTTON BUTTON. Carl Schubert Keller, Jr. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Carl Schubert Keller, Jr.; 28Dec71; LU3619.

  BUY THE NUMBERS. Detroit News. Made by Teletape Detroit, division of
    Teletape Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Detroit News; 29Jul71;
    MU8348.

  BY THE GREAT HORN SPOON. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  BY THE NUMBERS. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.


                                   C

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each
    unless otherwise indicated, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting
    System, Inc.

    Arthur Krock: Presidents I've known. 30 min. Telecast: Jan. 12,
      1969. Credits: Producer, Gene De Poris; commentator, Eric
      Sevareid. © 11Jan69; MP21818.

    The college turmoil. Credits: Producers, Robert Wussler & Esther
      Kartiganer; commentators, Harry Reasoner, Eric Sevareid & Mike
      Wallace. © 15Apr69; MP21820.

    Danger! Mines! 30 min. Credits: Producer, Bernard Birnbaum;
      correspondents, Nelson Benton, John Hart, George Herman. ©
      11Feb69; MP21980.

    A house divided. Credits: Producer, Joe Clement; writers, Joe
      Clement & Phyllis Bosworth; commentator, Harry Reasoner. ©
      23Mar69; MP21855.

    Moby Dick. Telecast: Mar. 25, 1969. Credits: Producer, Arthur
      Barron; correspondent, Charles Kuralt; narrator, George C. Scott.
      © 23Mar69 (in notice: 1968); MP21981.

    The savage heart: A conversation with Eric Hoffer. Telecast: Jan.
      28, 1969. Credits: Producer, Perry Wolff; commentator, Eric
      Sevareid. © 23Jan69; MP21819.

    Some friends of General Eisenhower. Telecast: Mar. 29, 1969.
      Credits: Producers, Paul Loewenwarter & William Small;
      commentator, Walter Cronkite. Cast: Robert B. Anderson, Omar
      Bradley, Alfred Gruenther, Bob Hope, Kevin McCann. © 28Mar69;
      MP21852.

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each
    unless otherwise indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © Columbia
    Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Volcano: Birth of an island. 30 min. Telecast: Apr. 10, 1969.
      Credits: Producer, Isaac Kleinerman; writer, Burton Benjamin;
      reporter, Charles Kuralt. © 9Apr69; MP21979.

  CALL ME ELLEN. See

    PARIS 7000.

  CAME THE DAY. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  CANCER IS THE NEXT FRONTIER. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Robert Northshield; writer, Tom Shachtman;
      reporters, Sander Vanocur & Jack Perkins.

    © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 30Jul71; MP22090.

  CANDIDATE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  CANNONBALL FOR SALE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  CANNONBALL, INC. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  CAPTAIN CLEANUP. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Keep America Beautiful,
    Inc.; 15May71; LP39676.

  CAPTAIN SLIGO. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  CARBON AND ITS COMPOUNDS. Coronet Instructional Films. 16 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Therald Moeller.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Jan71;
      MP21791.

  CARDIAC CARE SERIES. See

    ANTICIPATING THE PROBLEM.

    A CASE STUDY.

    CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE.

    DIGITALIS & QUINIDINE.

    ELECTIVE COUNTERSHOCK.

    EMERGENCY COUNTERSHOCK.

    EXTERNAL PACING.

    THE PACEMAKER PATIENT.

  CARE AND PREVENTION OF DECUBITI. Comprenetics. 17 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 14May71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21959.

  CAREER & COSTUME CIRCUS. Communico. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Communico, Inc.; 13Jan70; MP21668.

  CAREER AWARENESS: THE ALTERNATIVE. King Screen Productions. 11 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 1Sep71; MP21838.

  CARNAL KNOWLEDGE. Icarus Productions. Released by Avco Embassy
    Pictures Corp. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Producer & director, Mike Nichols; writer, Jules Feiffer;
      director of photography, Giuseppe Rotunno; film editor, Sam
      O'Steen.

    Cast: Jack Nicholson, Candice Bergen, Arthur Garfunkel, Ann-Margret,
      Rita Moreno.

    © Avco Embassy Pictures Corp. & Icarus Productions, Inc.; 30Jun71;
      LP40121.

  CARPENTERS' BALL. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  CARVING A LUTHER SEAL. See

    LUTHER PROJECT IDEAS.

  A CASE OF SPRING FEVER. See

    NANCY. No. 13.

  CASE OF THE HOOTERVILLE REFUND FRAUD. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  A CASE STUDY (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 90 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71; JP13373.

  CAST YOUR BREAD UPON THE WATERS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  CAT BURGLAR. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE CAT BURGLARS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE CATCH A THIEF BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 5.

  CATCHING & THROWING. Educational Media. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (The fundamentals of baseball) © Robert W. Thuemmel, Jr.; 23May71;
    MP21778.

  THE CATNIP CLUB. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  CATTLE BATTLE. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Roland and Ratfink) ©
    Mirisch-D.F.; 4Aug71; LP40203.

  CAUGHT! Cinematic Concepts Corp. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Cinematic Concepts Corp.; 15Dec70 (in notice: 1971); LP39471.

  CELEBRATION AT BIG SUR. Carl Gottlieb, Inc. Made by Ted Mann
    Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 83 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Carl Gottlieb; photographers, Baird Bryant &
      others; editors, Johanna Demetrakas.

    Cast: Joan Baez, Carol Ann Cisneros, David Crosby, Chris Ethridge,
      Mimi Farina.

    © Ted Mann Productions, Inc.; 2Apr71; MP21747.

  CENTINELAS DEL SILENCIO (Sentinels of Silence) Concord Productions. 19
    min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Manuel Arango; director & writer, Robert Amram;
      narrator, Orson Welles; music composer, Mariano Moreno;
      photographer, James Freeman; editor, Alex Beaton.

    © Concord, S.A.; 23Apr71; MU8342.

  LA CHAMADE. Films Ariane, Productions Artistes Associes & Produzioni
    Europee Associate. [France] Released in the U.S. by Lopert Pictures
    Corp. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Realise d'apres le roman de
    Francoise Sagan.

    Credits: Director, Alain Cavalier; director of photography, Pierre
      Lhomme; film editor, Pierre Gillette; adaptation & dialogue,
      Francoise Sagan & Alain Cavalier.

    Cast: Catherine Deneuve, Michel Piccoli, Roger Van Hool, Irene Tunc,
      Jacques Sereys.

    © Films Ariane, S.A.; 30Oct68; LF87.

  CHAMPION. Iowa State University. Made by Dept. of
    Speech/Telecommunicative Arts. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writers, Jim Doran & Ed Rearick; music, Gary White & Bruce
      Eberle.

    © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
      Technology; 28Aug71; MP22034.

  A CHAMPION MEETS THE CHALLENGER FOR '72 (Filmstrip) Dodge Division,
    Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 55 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 8Sep71; JP13459.

  CHANGE OF HABIT. Universal Pictures & NBC Productions. 95 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Joe Connelly; director, William Graham;
      screenplay, James Lee, S. S. Schweitzer & Eric Bercovici; music,
      Ben Weisman; photography, Russell Metty; film editor, Douglas
      Stewart.

    Cast: Elvis Presley, Mary Tyler Moore, Barbara McNair, Jane Elliot,
      Leora Dana.

    © Universal Pictures & NBC Productions, Inc.; 10Nov69; LP39252.

  CHANGES. Amazing Life Games Co. Released by Houghton Mifflin Co. 8
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 4Nov71; LP40042.

  CHANGING SHAPES. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    Bendick Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Learning
    experiences: Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Jul71 (in
    notice: 1969); MP21942.

  CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PREMATURE INFANT. McGraw-Hill. 4 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (The Normal premature infant) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21694.

  CHARITY BEGINS AT HOME, BUT NOWADAYS WHO CAN AFFORD A HOME. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  CHARLEY'S CELLO. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  CHARLIE, HOMER AND NATASHA. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  CHATO. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  CHECK CASHING. See

    [TELLER TRAINING]

  CHEF'S NIGHT OUT. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 117.

  CHEMOSURGERY: MICROSCOPICALLY CONTROLLED EXCISION OF SKIN CANCER. New
    York University Medical Center Dept. of Dermatology. Made by
    Schering Corp. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Perry Robbins.

    © Schering Corp.; 1Jul71; MP22021.

  CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 5 filmstrips on
    1 roll, color, 35 mm. Contents: Diesel engine differences. 25
    fr.--Transmission availability. 12 fr.--Rear axle and suspensions.
    14 fr.--Brake system availability. 11 fr.--Wheel and tire
    availability. 37 fr. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
    Corp.; 28Jul71; JU12914.

  CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 3 filmstrips on
    1 roll, color, 35 mm. Contents: Identification system. 19 fr.--Model
    features. 56 fr.--Gasoline engines: facts and features. 26 fr. ©
    Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 28Jul71; JU12915.

  CHICANO. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  CHILDREN AT WORK. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  CHOOSING A JOB. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 12 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    11Mar71; MP21770.

  [CHRISTIAN EXPRESSIONS IN MUSIC AND ART] (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub.
    House. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Artist for all ages. 14 fr.--Creating a banner. 32 fr.

    Appl. authors: Carol Greene & Jane Graver.

    © Concordia Pub. House; 20Oct71; A289754.

  THE CHRISTIAN LIFE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Broadman Films; 31Dec61: JP13318.

  CHRISTMAS See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  CHRISTMAS IN HOOTERVILLE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  CHRISTMAS IN SWITZERLAND. See

    WEIHNACHTEN IN DER SCHWEIZ.

  CHRISTMAS IS. Concordia Pub. House. Made by EMC Corp. 18 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Concordia Pub. House; 15Nov70 (in notice: 1971);
    LP39825.

  THE CHRISTMAS PRESENT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  CHROME AND HOT LEATHER. American International Pictures. 91 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Tony Young, Michael Haynes, William Smith, Kathy Baumann,
      Marvin Gaye.

    © American International Pictures, Inc.; 18Aug71; LP40311.

  CHURCH LOOKS AT RETREATS. See

    DREAM A LITTLE, DREAM A LOT! THE CHURCH LOOKS AT RETREATS.

  THE CHURCH NOMINATING COMMITTEE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 51 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Jul71; A257431.

  CIMARRON DRIP. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  CINDER CITY PLUS 6. Lexington School of Modern Dance. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Lexington School of Modern Dance, Inc.; 10Jul67 (in
    notice: 1968); MP21924.

  CINDER EMILY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  CINDY. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  CIRCLES. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film. ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP21633.

  CIRCULATION IN THE HUMAN BODY, SIMPLIFIED, 1 (Filmstrip) Health
    Education Aids. 51 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Leila Louise
    Cluff. © Health Education Aids; 23Sep71; JP13509.

  CISCO PIKE. Columbia Pictures Industries. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    An Acrobat film.

    Credits: Producer, Gerald Ayres; writer & director, B. I. Norton;
      music supervisor, Bob Johnston; director of photography, Vilis
      Lapenieks; editor, Robert C. Jones.

    Cast: Kris Kristofferson, Karen Black, Gene Hackman, H. D. Stanton,
      Viva.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov71; LP39962.

  CITIES ARE DIFFERENT. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.

  CITIES ARE DIFFERENT AND ALIKE. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Frank J. Estvan.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr71;
      MP21793.

  CITY GOVERNMENT (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Political science series) With
    guide. Produced in collaboration with Vision Associates.

    Contents: How does it work? 44 fr.--Who leads your city? 44 fr.--How
      are leaders elected? 42 fr.--What do councilmen and judges do? 43
      fr.--How does the city protect people? 39 fr.--How does the city
      serve people? 42 fr.

    Credits: Producer, Suzanne Talbot Isaacs.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 24Mar71 (in notices: 1970); JP13263-13262,
      13264, 13266-13265, 13267.

  CITY KIDS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  CIVIL WAR AND RECONSTRUCTION. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  CLAMPETT/CLAMPETTS. For titles beginning with Clampett or Clampetts
    See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  CLARENCE THE LION HEARTED. See

    DAKTARI.

  CLARENCE'S LOVE-IN. See

    DAKTARI.

  CLASS CLOWN. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  CLASSIFYING. McGraw-Hill Films & Hanna-Barbera Productions. 14 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc. & Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.; 9Nov70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21685.

  CLEAN WATER, A VANISHING RESOURCE. See

    EARTH IS THE ONLY WORLD WE HAVE -- ECOLOGY: WATER POLLUTION.

  CLEAVUS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  COFFIN TOO FREQUENT. See

    THE MONKEES. 43.

  THE COLLEGE TURMOIL. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

  COLONIAL CHILDREN. See

    PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  COLONIZATION OF AMERICA. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  THE COLOR COMPUTER. Lesson 212. Edutronics Systems International. 7
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics Systems
    International, Inc.; 10Jun70; MP21905.

  COME BACK, LITTLE HERBY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  COME TO FLORIDA, BEFORE ITS GONE. Community Television. 59 min., sd.,
    color. Videotape (2 in.)

    Credits: Producer & director, Dan Kossoff; writer, Dan Wilcox;
      music, Pete Seeger.

    Cast: Stanley Myron Handelman, Pat Paulsen, Walt Friend, Thelma
      Baker, Henry Baran.

    © Community Television, Inc.; 12Aug71; MP21779.

  COMING OUT PARTY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  COMING THROUGH THE RYE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE COMMON COLD. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  COMMUNICATING WITH THE PUBLIC. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 17Mar71; MP21756.

  COMMUNITIES ARE DIFFERENT. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.

  THE COMMUNITIES IN A CITY. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.

  COMMUNITIES WITHIN THE COMMUNITY. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.

  COMPARISON: PUTTING A SYMBOL TO WORK (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates
    of Pleasantville, New York. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 62 fr.; pt. 2, 60
    fr.), color, 35 mm. (First things: sound filmstrips for primary
    years. Mathematics) With Teacher's guide, 44 p.

    Credits: Producer, Linda Winslow; writer, Jeffrey Marlin;
      photographers, William Hubbell & Ron Tunison; editor, Jere
      Kupecky; consultants, Lola May & Ruth Moss.

    Appl. authors: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York,
      employer for hire of Lola J. May, Ruth Moss & Edward Campion.

    © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 22Oct71; A282395.

  COMPLEAT ANGLER. See

    HOT CREEK RANCH, CALIFORNIA.

  THE COMPUTER AGE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  COMPUTERS AND LOGIC. Lesson 222. Edutronics Systems International. 8
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm, (Tools) Loop film. © Edutronics
    Systems International, Inc.; 13Jan70; MP21898.

  COMPUTERS CAN'T THINK. See

    LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.

  CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (Filmstrip) Follett Pub.
    Co. 22 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide, 15 p.

    Contents: Unit 1, The making of the American nation, section 1-3:
      The colonization of America. 23 fr.--The American Revolution. 23
      fr.--Problems of the new nation. 22 fr. Unit 2, The Constitution
      and American government, section 1-4: The Constitution. 20
      fr.--The Bill of Rights. 22 fr.--The living Constitution. 26
      fr.--The Federal Government. 20 fr. Unit 3, Growth and conflict in
      American life, section 1-4: The development of American politics.
      25 fr.--The growth of nationalism and sectionalism. 25
      fr.--Conflict and crisis. 28 fr.--The Civil War and
      Reconstruction. 30 fr. Unit 4, Social and economic problems,
      section 1-4: Immigrants in American life. 32 fr.--The American
      farmer. 29 fr.--American industry and labor. 30 fr.--The
      government and economic life. 35 fr. Unit 5, Negro life and
      leadership, section 1-3: From slavery to freedom. 35 fr.--Negro
      life: 1865-1900. 33 fr.--Negro leadership: 1900--. 38 fr. Unit 6,
      America and world leadership, section 1-4: American political life
      since 1865. 32 fr.--America and world affairs. 33 fr.--America and
      the United Nations. 28 fr.--Problems of American democracy. 29 fr.

    Credits: By Jack Abramowitz.

    © Follett Pub. Co., whose a.a.d.o. is Follett Educational Corp., a
      subsidiary of Follett Corp. (in notice: Follett Pub. Co.); 5May71
      (in notice: 1968); JP13300.

  THE CONCEPT OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson
    Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) Loop film. © Macmillan Co.; 7Dec70; MP21636.

  CONCRETE CHARLEY DUMPLING. Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Communico, Inc.; 12Dec70; MP21666.

  CONFLICT AND CRISIS. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  CONFRONTATION. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 120 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71;
    JP13371.

  THE CONSORTS OF HUMANISM: MUSIC IN ART OF THE RENAISSANCE. Paul E.
    Fran. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Paul E. Fran & Meat & Music;
    18Nov71; MU8385.

  CONSTITUTION. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  CONSTITUTION AND AMERICAN GOVERNMENT, SECTION 1-4. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  [CONTEMPLATIONS FOR THE NEW EARTH] (Filmstrip) Paulist Fathers. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Where there's love there's presense. 40 fr.--What love can
      be. 60 fr.--Death and resurrection. 40 fr.--A song for the
      universe. 44 fr.

    Appl. author: Patrick Mooney.

    © Paulist Fathers, Inc.; 19Apr71; JP13430.

  CONTEMPORARY AMERICAN SCULPTURE. Art Institute of Chicago. 21 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director, Celia Marriott; photographer & editor, Norman
      Cohen.

    © Art Institute of Chicago; 4Oct71; MP22072.

  CONTROVERSY OVER THE MOON. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
    16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 31Mar71; MP21872.

  CONVENT. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  CONVENT GETS THE BUSINESS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  CONVERT. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  COPING WITH TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by
    BNA Films. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Managing discontinuity) A
    Quest production. © B.N.A., Inc.; 13Dec71; MP22075.

  'COPTER IN THE CARIBOOS. Richard S. Marshall. 27 min., color, 16 mm. ©
    Richard S. Marshall; 21Jun71; MU8339.

  CORN PONE PICASSOS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  COTTAGE FOR TWO. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  COUNT YORGA, VAMPIRE. Erica Productions. Released by American
    International Pictures. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Robert Quarry, Michael Murphy, Judith Land, Michael Macready,
      Donna Anders.

    © Erica Productions & American International Pictures, Inc.;
      10Jun70; LP39862.

  COUNTDOWN FOR JUDY. See

    DAKTARI.

  COUNTER PROPOSAL. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 113.

  COUNTING NUMBERS. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  COUNTRY FAIR. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  COURTSHIP OF ELLY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  COURTSHIP OF HOMER NOODLEMAN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  COUSIN ROY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  COUSINS BY THE DOZENS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  COW KILLER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE CRANIAL CAVITY: REMOVAL OF THE BRAIN. Teaching Films. 15 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.;
    22Jul71; MU8351.

  CRANIOVERTEBRAL, PREVERTEBRAL & PHARYNGEAL REGIONS. Teaching Films. 16
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films,
    Inc.; 20Sep71; MU8367.

  THE CRANK. Eastern Regional Institute for Education. 5 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Experiences in process education) © ERIE a.a.d.o.
    Eastern Regional Institute for Education; 15Dec70; MP21807.

  CREATING A BANNER. See

    [CHRISTIAN EXPRESSIONS IN MUSIC AND ART]

  CREATURES THE WORLD FORGOT. Hammer Film Productions [Great Britain]
    Released in the U.S. by Columbia Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Producer & writer, Michael Carreras; director, Don Chaffey;
      music composer, Mario Nascimbene; photographer, Vincent Cox;
      editor, Chris Barnes.

    Cast: Julie Ege, Tony Bonner, Brian O'Shaughnessey, Robert John,
      Rosalie Crutchley.

    © Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.; 26Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LF82.

  CRIME DOESN'T PAY, BUT IT'S TAX FREE. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  CRIME WAVE AT WAMERU. See

    DAKTARI.

  THE CRISES -- SOCIAL, POLITICAL, ECONOMIC. See

    PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950'S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.

  CRISTOBALITO, THE CALYPSO COLT. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  CRITICAL DRIVING PATTERNS. Ford Motor Co. Made by White Assn. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Ford Motor Co., Film & Electronic
    Communications Dept. (in notice: Ford Motor Co.); 3Nov71; MP22063.

  CRITICAL THINKING: MAKING SURE OF FACTS. Coronet Instructional Films.
    11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. of How to Judge facts.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Robert S. Fox.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Mar71;
      MP21794.

  CROOKED CONVENT. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  CROW BOY. Weston Woods Studios. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the
    book by Taro Yashima. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods
    Studios, Inc.; 1Sep71; LP39858.

  CROWDED WEDDING RING. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE CRUNCH BIRD. Maxwell-Petok Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Ted Petok. © Maxwell-Petok Productions; 28Jul71;
    LP39902.

  CRY FOR CONVENIENCE. Edinboro State College Film Unit. 28 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm.

    Credits: By David S. Weinkauf; animation designer, Louis Rosenfeld;
      film crew, Roger Allshouse & others.

    © Edinboro State College; 21Jul71; MP21745.

  CRY, LIE. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE CRYSTAL GAZERS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  CULTURE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  CURSIVE FILM LOOPS. Forrest D. Fernkopf. 24 motion pictures in 1 reel,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fernkopf cinematic handwriting with Super 8
    mm. film loops) © Forrest D. Fernkopf; 17Apr71; MP21926.

  CUSTOMER COMES FIRST. See

    [SUPPLEMENT TO HOW TO SUCCEED IN BANKING]

  CUSTOMER SATISFACTION, A NOLAND RESPONSIBILITY (Filmstrip) Noland Co.
    129 fr., color, 16 mm. Loop film. © Noland Co., Inc.; 16Jan71;
    JP13404.

  CYRANO DE BERTRILLE. See

    THE FLYING NUN.


                                   D

  THE D. A. Mark VII & Universal Pictures. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV.
    106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Robert Conrad, Howard Duff, Gerald O'Loughlin, Diane Baker,
      Patric Knowles.

    Appl. ti.: The D. A.: Murder one.

    © D. A. Productions; 6Dec69; LP39897.

  DAD AND ME. King Screen Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    King Broadcasting Co.; 12Nov71; MP22087.

  DADASCOPE. Pt. 1-2. Hans Richter. 41 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm.
    © Hans Richter; 27Sep71; MU8360.

  DAD'S ARMY. Columbia (British) Productions [England] 95 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. A Norcon Production.

    Credits: Producer, John R. Sloan; director, Norman Cohen;
      screenplay, Jimmy Perry & David Croft; music composer & conductor,
      Wilfred Burns; director of photography, Terry Maher; film editor,
      Willy Kemplen.

    Cast: Arthur Lowe, John Le Mesurier, Clive Dunn, John Laurie, Liz
      Fraser.

    © Columbia (British) Productions, Ltd.; 1Jun71; LF91.

  DAFFODILS. Communico. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    28Jul70; MP21670.

  THE DAHLIA FEUD. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DAILY CARE OF THE PREMATURE INFANT. McGraw-Hill. 6 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (The Normal premature infant) Produced in collaboration with
    William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21696.

  DAKTARI. Ivan Tors Films. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Approx. 60
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. & Ivan Tors Films, Inc.

    Adam and Jenny. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; teleplay,
      Malvin Wald; story, Ted Herbert & Malvin Wald. © 31Dec68; LP39272.

    African heritage. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Frank Telford. © 31Dec68; LP39274.

    African showdown. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Andy White. © 31Dec68; LP39675.

    The big switch. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; story, Ted
      Herbert; teleplay, John Hogan. © 31Dec67; LP39264.

    Clarence the lion hearted. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writer, Malvin Wald. © 31Dec68; LP39281.

    Clarence's love-in. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Malvin Wald. © 31Dec67; LP39261.

    The discovery. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer, True
      Broadman. © 31Dec68; LP39266.

    Divining rod. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer, Jack
      Jacobs. © 31Dec68; LP39278.

    The elephant raid, pt. 1-2. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writer, Richard Tuber. © 31Dec67; LP39263-39262.

    A family for Jenny. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; teleplay,
      Malvin Wald; story, Ted Herbert & Malvin Wald. © 31Dec68; LP39283.

    Judy and the jailbirds. Credits: Producer, Leonard Kaufman;
      teleplay, Malvin Wald; story, Ted Herbert. © 31Dec67; LP39260.

    Judy come home. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer, Ted
      Herbert. © 31Dec68; LP39271.

    Judy strikes back. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      John Hogan. © 31Dec67; LP39265.

    Jungle heartbeat. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Richard Carlson. © 31Dec68; LP39285.

    The killer cub. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; story, Ted
      Herbert; teleplay, Malvin Wald. © 31Dec67; LP39257.

    Killer of Wameru. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writers, J.
      D. Selby & Stanley H. Silverman. © 31Dec68; LP39267.

    License to kill. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; teleplay,
      William Clark; story, Ted Herbert. © 31Dec67; LP39256.

    The lion killer. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Lawrence L. Goldman. © 31Dec68; LP39280.

    Little Miss Nightingale. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writers, Robert L. Goodwin & Malvin Wald. © 31Dec68; LP39279.

    A man's man. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer, J. E.
      Selby. © 31Dec68; LP39276.

    Miracle in the jungle. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writer, Malvin Wald. © 31Dec67; LP39255.

    Monster of Wameru. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; story, Ted
      Herbert; teleplay, Malvin Wald. © 31Dec68; LP39270.

    Once upon a fang. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Lawrence Louis Goldman. © 31Dec68; LP39282.

    The outsider. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer, Jack
      Jacobs. © 31Dec68; LP39275.

    Return of Ethel and Albert. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writer, William Clark. © 31Dec67; LP39259.

    Riddle of the bush. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Robert E. Smith. © 31Dec67; LP39258.

    The runaways. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; teleplay, D. D.
      Oldland; story, Ted Herbert. © 31Dec68; LP39284.

    Strike like a lion. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Malvin Wald. © 31Dec68; LP39273.

    A tiger's tale. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writers,
      Marshall Thompson & Wallace C. Bennett. © 31Dec68; LP39277.

    Toto the great. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; story, George
      Pierre; teleplay, John Hogan. © 31Dec68; LP39269.

    The will to live. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; story, Ted
      Herbert & Malvin Wald; teleplay, Malvin Wald. © 31Dec68; LP39268.

  DAKTARI. Ivan Tors Films. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Approx. 60
    min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. & Ivan Tors Films, Inc.

    Countdown for Judy. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Edward J. Lakso. © 24Oct67; LP39216.

    Crime wave at Wameru. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      teleplay, Lawrence L. Goldman; story, Ted Herbert. © 19Sep67;
      LP39212.

    The execution. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Lawrence L. Goldman. © 12Sep67; LP39211.

    Judy and the astro-chimp. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writer, Malvin Wald. © 5Sep67; LP39210.

    Judy and the thoroughbred. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writer, Jack Jacobs. © 14Nov67; LP39218.

    Judy and the wizard. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer,
      Jack Jacobs & Alf Harris. © 28Nov67; LP39219.

    Killer tribe. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman; writer, Robert
      Lewin. © 3Oct67; LP39213.

    One of our cubs is missing. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      teleplay, Alan Caillou. © 7Nov67; LP29217.

    Return of the phantom. Credits: Producer, Leonard B. Kaufman;
      writer, S. S. Schweitzer. © 17Oct67; LP39215.

    Scent of fear. Credits: Leonard B. Kaufman; writer, Richard Carlson.
      © 10Oct67; LP39214.

  THE DANCING PROPHET. Franciscan Communications Center. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications
    Center; 1Aug71; MP22054.

  DANGER! MINES. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

  DANGLING AND MISPLACED MODIFIERS (Filmstrip) Pt. 1. Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 20 fr., color, 35 mm. © Blair Ceniceros; 1Jan67; JP13502.

  DANGLING AND MISPLACED MODIFIERS (Filmstrip) Pt. 2: Dangling
    modifiers. Mt. San Jacinto College. 29 fr., color, 35 mm. © Blair
    Ceniceros; 1Dec67; JP13328.

  DANIEL. Frank Schaefer. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Frank Schaefer;
    1Sep71; LP40004.

  DARKER THAN AMBER. Major Pictures Corp. Released by Cinema Center
    Films & National General Pictures. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
    on the novel by John D. McDonald. Produced in association with
    Rodlor.

    Credits: Producers, Walter Seltzer & Jack Reeves; director, Robert
      Clouse; screenplay, Ed Waters; cameraman, Frank Phillips; music,
      John Parker; film editor, Fred Chulack.

    Cast: Rod Taylor, Suzy Kendall, Theodore Bikel, Jane Russell, James
      Booth.

    © Major Pictures Corp.; 10Jun70; LP39246.

  DART CUSTOM & SWINGER VS. CHEVROLET NOVA (Filmstrip) Dodge Division.
    69 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.;
    10Dec71; JP13521.

  THE DATA SPECTRUM. Lesson 251. Edutronics Systems International. 7
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Data structures) Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 20Apr70; MP21965.

  DATA STRUCTURES. See

    THE DATA SPECTRUM.

  A DAY IN THE COUNTRY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  DAY IN THE LIFE OF OLIVER W. W. HOLMES. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  DAY OF DECISION. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  A DAY WITH THE BOYS. Universal Pictures. 18 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Director, Clu Gulager; photographer, Laszlo Kovaks.

    © Universal Pictures; 21Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP39906.

  DAYS OF NUNS AND ROSES. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  DEADLOCK. Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Hari Rhodes, Leslie Nielsen, Beverly Todd, Max Julien, James
      McEachin.

    © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Feb69; LP39896.

  DEADLY PASSAGE. See

    MAYA.

  THE DEAN MARTIN SHOW. Claude Productions. Approx. 58 min. each, sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. Produced in association with Greg Garrison Productions.
    © Claude Productions, Inc. 1969-70, no.

    135. Guests: Mrs. Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Nancy Sinatra, Frank
      Sinatra, Jr., Tina Sinatra. NM: revision & additional
      cinematographic work. © 25Dec69 (in notice: 1970); MP21877.

    151. Guests: Dom de Luise, Jimmy Stewart, Leslie Uggams, Albert
      Brooks, Danny Lickin. © 23Apr70; MP21876.

  DEAR ENEMY. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  DEAR MINERVA. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  DEATH AND RESURRECTION. See

    [CONTEMPLATIONS FOR THE NEW EARTH]

  THE DEATH OF A WARRIOR BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 3.

  DEBBIE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  DECADE OF HIGHWAY DEATH. Highway Safety Foundation. Made by Edcom
    Productions. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with Ohio State
    Highway Patrol. © Highway Safety Foundation, Inc.; 20Jun71; MP21953.

  DECISION TABLES. Lesson 224. Edutronics Systems International. 8 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Tools) Loop film. © Edutronics Systems
    International, Inc.; 31Oct69; MP21897.

  DECISIONS: A SCHOOL HEALTH EDUCATION PROGRAM. See

    HOW MUCH TIME.

  DECORATOR. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  DEFENSIVE DRIVING. Woroner Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Woroner Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MU8355.

  DEFENSIVE TACTICS. I. Woroner Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Woroner Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MU8357.

  DEFINING SYSTEM OBJECTIVES. Lesson 622. Edutronics Systems
    International. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 15Sep70; MP21909.

  A DEFINITION OF MAN. Frederick Herzberg. 30 min., sd., b&w.
    (Motivation to work) Videotape. © Frederick Herzberg; 21Oct71;
    MU8376.

  DELOVELY AND SCRUGGS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DEMOCRACY - EQUALITY OR PRIVILEGE? TW Productions. Distributed by Walt
    Disney Educational Materials Co. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (History alive series)

    Credits: Producer & writer, Turnley Walker.

    Cast: Andrew Duggan, Stewart Moss. Appl. author: Turnley Walker
      d.b.a. TW Productions, employer for hire.

    © Walt Disney Educational Materials Co.; 10Nov70; LP39496.

  [DEMONSTRATION] (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 80 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71; JP13365.

  DEPUTY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  DESERT ISLE, MANHATTAN STYLE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE DESERTED VILLAGE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 17
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC filmstrip series,
    Great British narrative poems. Appl. author: Krantz Films. Appl.
    states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: revisions & additions. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 13Apr71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21758.

  DESIGNING EXPERIMENTS. See

    EXPERIMENTING.

  THE DESK JOB. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  DESPITE MAN'S DIFFERENCES. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by American
    Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70; MP21703.

  DEVELOPMENT OF AMERICAN POLITICS. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  DEVIL AND MR. FROG. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  DIESEL ENGINE DIFFERENCES. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  DIG IN. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  DIGITALIS & QUINIDINE (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 134 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71; JP13369.

  THE DINER. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DINOSAURS. See

    WONDERS OF NATURE.

  DIORAMA OF WITTENBERG. See

    LUTHER PROJECT IDEAS.

  DISCOVERY. See

    DAKTARI.

  DISSECTION OF A FROG. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 62
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Script, Cecelia Wiens; photography & graphics, Chas. G.
      Casey.

    Appl. author: Violet Priestley.

    © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center; 10Feb71;
      JP13279.

  DIVINE INFLUENCE. Brigham Young University Motion Picture Dept. 19
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 1Oct71;
    LP40127.

  DIVINING ROD. See

    DAKTARI.

  DIVISION. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  DIVISION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films.
    1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) Loop film. © Macmillan Co.; 7Dec70; MP21635.

  DO YOU ELLY TAKE THIS FROG. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DO YOU KNOW DR. JONES? Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Interpersonal relationships in nursing,
    unit 1: making a sensitive response) © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Apr71 (in
    notice: 1970); MP21692.

  DOC. Frank Perry Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 96 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Frank Perry; writer, Pete Hamill;
      music composer & conductor, Jimmy Webb; editor, Alan Heim.

    Cast: Stacy Keach, Faye Dunaway, Harris Yulin, Mike Witney, Denver
      Collins.

    © Frank Perry Films, Inc.; 18Aug71; LP39701.

  DOCTOR ANDY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  DOCTOR, CURE MY FROG. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DOCTOR IN THE HOUSE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  DOCTORS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DODGE, STRONG IN RV FOR '72 (Filmstrip) Dodge Division. 69 fr., color,
    35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Nov71;
    JP13526.

  DODIE GOES DOWNTOWN. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  DODIE'S DILEMMA. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  DODIE'S TONSILS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  DOG DAYS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DOG TURNS PLAYBOY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  DOING YOUR OWN THING. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  DON AND SANDI AND HARRY AND SNOOPY. See

    THAT GIRL. NO. 115.

  DON'T CALL US. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  DON'T CALL US, WE'LL CALL YOU. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  DON'T COUNT YOUR TOMATOES BEFORE THEY'RE PICKED. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  DON'T MARRY A FROGMAN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  DON'T TELL ME, I'LL FIND OUT. Science Curriculum Improvement Study,
    University of California. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Regents of
    the University of California; 26May69; MP22073.

  A DOPEY HACIENDA. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 6Dec70; LP39230.

  DOUBLE DRICK. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  DOUBLE JEALOUSY. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE DOUBLE WALL. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  DRAFTING (Filmstrip) Doubleday Multimedia. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Introduction. 63 fr.--Shape description. 78 fr.--Size
      description. 77 fr.--Sections. 66 fr.--Lettering. 73 fr.

    Credits: Producer, Morris D. Wertenberger, Jr.; technical
      consultant, Kenneth H. McCoy.

    © Doubleday Multimedia; 15Oct70; JP13376-13377, 13375, 13378-13379.

  DRAPING THE SURGICAL PATIENT. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series: Operating-room
    techniques, study unit 3: Preliminary preparation of the patient for
    surgery) Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Helen M. Kirkland, Lubomir Kuzmok, Oktay Adiguzel, Julia
      Rothbard.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21720.

  DREAM A LITTLE, DREAM A LOT! THE CHURCH LOOKS AT RETREATS (Filmstrip)
    Dept. of TV, Radio, & Films of the American Lutheran Church. Made by
    Augsburg Pub. House. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 81 fr.; pt. 2, 51 fr.),
    color, 35 mm. With Retreat sourcebook, Filmstrip leader's guide, &
    Retreat checklist. Produced in cooperation with Bible Camp Assn.

    Credits: Photos, Jim Gronewald, Tony Ingle, Gerald Lorenz.

    Appl. author: Augsburg Pub. House, employer for hire. NM: additions.

    © Augsburg Pub. House; 15Dec70; A259452.

  DRIVE, HE SAID. Drive Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures. 95
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. A BBS production. Based on the novel by
    Jeremy Larner.

    Credits: Producers, Steve Blauner & Jack Nicholson; director, Jack
      Nicholson; screenplay, Jeremy Larner & Jack Nicholson; music,
      David Shire; director of photography, Bill Butler; film editors,
      Pat Somerset & others.

    Cast: William Tepper, Karen Black, Michael Margotta, Bruce Dern,
      Robert Towne.

    © Drive Productions, Inc.; 1Jun71 (in notice: 1970); LP39203.

  DRIVING IN TRAFFIC. Ford Motor Co. Made by White Assn. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Ford Motor Co., Film & Electronic Communications
    Dept. (in notice: Ford Motor Co.); 3Nov71; MP22062.

  DRUG ABUSE: IT'S YOUR DECISION (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 64
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Photographer, Larry Nicholson.

    © Marsh Film Enterprises, Inc.; 13Sep71; JP13478.

  DRUGS AND YOU (Filmstrip) Cathedral Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With 2 33-1/3 rpm records, introductory guide & 4 scripts
    (separately reg. as A294391)

    Contents: Filmstrip 1-4: Watch what you eat. 62 fr.--Take care of
      your body. 57 fr.--Helpful medicines. 45 fr.--Drugs can be
      dangerous. 53 fr.

    Credits: Producer & director, Edward D. Eagle; writer, Durrell R.
      Crays; photographers, Vaccaro Associates & Paul Gruwell.

    © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 29Oct71; JP13515.

  DRUGS CAN BE DANGEROUS. See

    DRUGS AND YOU.

  A DUAL CONCEPT FOR THE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLAR GENERATION (Filmstrip)
    Sheldon M. Neider. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sheldon M. Neider;
    12Oct71; JU12946.

  THE DUELIST BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 10.

  DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 59 min. each,
    sd., color unless otherwise indicated, 16 mm. © Filmways TV
    Productions, Inc.

    No.

    3. The death of a warrior brief. Credits: Producer, Sam Rolfe; by
      Jack Miller. © 15Nov67; LP39344.

    4. The turn the other cheek brief, b&w. Credits: Producer, Sam
      Rolfe; by Ernest Frankel. © 6Sep67; LP39336.

    5. The catch a thief brief. Credits: Producer, Sam Rolfe; by Don
      Balluck. © 13Dec67; LP39342.

    6. The Vasquez brief. b&w. Credits: Producer, Sam Rolfe; by Fred De
      Corter. © 13Sep67; LP39337.

    7. The Jubilee raid brief. Credits: Producer, Sam Rolfe; by Theodore
      Apstein. © 18Oct67; LP39343.

    8. The 3:10 to a lynching brief. Credits: Producer, Sam Rolfe; by
      Robert L. Goodwin. © 8Nov67; LP39341.

    9. The murderer stallion brief. b&w. Credits: Producer, David
      Victor; by George Kirgo. © 27Sep67; LP39338.

    10. The duelist brief. b&w. Credits: Producer, Sam Rolfe; by Andy
      Lewis. © 1Nov67; LP39339.

    11. The 1000 feet deep brief. b&w. Credits: Producer, David Victor;
      by Ken Trevey. © 25Oct67; LP39340.

    12. The widow's weeds brief. Credits: Producer, David Victor; by
      George Atkins. © 29Nov67; LP39345.

    13. Thy brother's keeper brief. Credits: Producer, David Victor; by
      Ron Honthaner. © 22Nov67; LP39346.


                                   E

  EARTH IS THE ONLY WORLD WE HAVE -- ECOLOGY: WATER POLLUTION
    (Filmstrip) Educational Progress Corp. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Pt. 1-3: Earth, water and man. 67 fr.--Clean water, a
      vanishing resource. 90 fr.--A river's journey. 64 fr.

    © Scott Scientific, Inc.; 19Mar71; JP13305-13307.

  EARTH, WATER AND MAN. See

    EARTH IS THE ONLY WORLD WE HAVE -- ECOLOGY: WATER POLLUTION.

  EARTHQUAKES. American Geological Institute. Made by Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 27Aug71; MP22022.

  EARTHQUAKES. See

    WONDERS OF NATURE.

  EAST IS EAST & WEST IS BEST. See

    NANCY. No. 7.

  EAST LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 15.

  EASTWARD HO. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  EASY TO BE HARD. See

    THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

  EB/EB'S.

    For titles beginning with Eb or Eb's See GREEN ACRES.

  ECOLOGY AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Vocational
    Education Productions, California State Polytechnic College. 55 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with School of Agriculture &
    Natural Resources, California State Polytechnic College.

    Credits: Director, Clyde Hostetter; script & supervision, Steven C.
      LaMarine; art work, Marguerite Costigan; photography, James
      Crissey.

    © California State Polytechnic College Foundation; 23Jul71; JP13360.

  ECOLOGY: BALANCE OF NATURE (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 49 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Photographer, Larry Nicholson.

    © Marsh Film Enterprises, Inc.; 13Sep71; JP13477.

  ECOLOGY: SPACESHIP EARTH (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 51 fr.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Photographer, Larry Nicholson.

    © Marsh Film Enterprises, Inc.; 13Sep71; JP13480.

  ECONOMIA. See

    ESPANA.

  ECONOMY FLIGHT TO WASHINGTON. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  EDUCATING THE PARENTS OF THE PREMATURE INFANT. McGraw-Hill. 6 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (The Normal premature infant) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21700.

  THE EDUTRONICS COBOL COURSE: PANEL DISCUSSION. Lesson 321.0,
    Edutronics Systems International. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Nov70;
    MP21976.

  EFFECTIVE QUESTIONING, ELEMENTARY LEVEL: A MINICOURSE. See

    OVERVIEW.

  EFFECTIVE WHOLESALING THROUGH PROPER BRANCH BUYING (Filmstrip) Noland
    Co. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 53 fr.; pt. 2, 46 fr.), color, 16 mm. Loop
    film. © Noland Co., Inc.; 15Feb71; JP13405.

  EFFECTIVE WHOLESALING THROUGH PROPER INVENTORY CONTROL (Filmstrip)
    Noland Co. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 36 fr., pt. 2, 50 fr.), color, 16
    mm. Loop film. © Noland Co., Inc.; 1Mar71; JP13406.

  EFFECTIVE WHOLESALING THROUGH PROPER QUOTATIONS (Filmstrip) Noland Co.
    3 filmstrips, color, 16 mm. Loop film.

    Contents: Pt. 1. 23 fr,--Pt. 2. 24 fr.--Pt. 3. 28 fr.

    © Noland Co., Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13407.

  EFFECTIVE WRITING: LEARNING FROM ADVERTISING LANGUAGE. Coronet
    Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Solomon Simonson.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 18Mar71;
      MP21801.

  EFFECTIVE WRITING: REVISE AND IMPROVE. Coronet Instructional Films. 14
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, John R. Searles.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Mar71;
      MP21788.

  THE EGG AND AY-YI-YI. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 6Jun71;
    LP39227.

  EIGHTEEN COUSINS. Parents' Magazine Films & Sterling Educational
    Films. Distributed by Sterling Educational Films. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Thomas Sand Enterprises production. Based upon the
    book by Carol G. Hogan. © Sterling Educational Films, division of
    Walter Reade Organization, Inc. & Parents' Magazine Films, wholly
    owned subsidiary of Parents' Magazine Enterprises, Inc.; 31Aug71;
    LP40215.

  ELECTIVE COUNTERSHOCK (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 132 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71; JP13370.

  ELECTRICAL SAFETY IN GENERAL CARE. See

    YOUR PARTNERSHIP WITH POWER IN GENERAL CARE.

  ELECTRICAL SAFETY IN SPECIAL CARE. See

    YOUR PARTNERSHIP WITH POWER IN SPECIAL CARE.

  ELEGY FOR EDWARD SHELBY. See

    PARIS 7000.

  ELEMENTS OF FILE USAGE. Lesson 547. Edutronics Systems International.
    7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics, Inc. whose
    full corporate name is Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
    6Nov69; MP21966.

  ELEMENTS OF PROGRAM BUILDING. Lesson 412. Edutronics Systems
    International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP21902.

  ELEMENTS OF PROGRAM DESIGN. Lesson 411. Edutronics Systems
    International. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 9Apr70; MP21892.

  ELEMENTS OF PROGRAM TESTING. Lesson 413. Edutronics Systems
    International. 7 min., sd., color, Super & mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Nov70; MP21903.

  ELEPHANT RAID. See

    DAKTARI.

  THE ELEVATED WOMAN. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 136.

  ELKO, NEVADA. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 20.

  ELLY COMES OUT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  ELLY, THE SECRETARY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  ELLY THE WORKING GIRL. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE ELOPEMENT. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  EMERGENCY COUNTERSHOCK (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 151 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71; JP13372.

  ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA EDUCATIONAL CORPORATION BIOLOGY PROGRAM, UNIT
    4: PHYSIOLOGY. See

    THE NERVE IMPULSE.

  ENGAGEMENT RING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  ENGINE PERFORMANCE FACTS AND FIXES (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians' service
    conference, session no. 72-2) © Chrysler Corp.; 8Nov71; JP13461.

  ENGINEERING FOR QUALITY (Filmstrip) Chrysler-Plymouth Division,
    Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 13Sep71; JP13466.

  ENJOYING ILLUSTRATIONS. See

    LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

  ENTERPRISING EB. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS: WHAT THE INDIVIDUAL CAN DO (Filmstrip) National
    Education Assn. 121 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Credits: Script, photography & production by Allen Freeman.

    © National Education Assn.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); A282213.

  ERNIE DRIVES. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ESCAPE FROM THE PLANET OF THE APES. Apjac Productions. Released by
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. Based upon characters created by Pierre Boulle.

    Credits: Producer, Arthur P. Jacobs; director, Don Taylor; writer,
      Paul Dehn; music, Jerry Goldsmith; director of photography, Joseph
      Biroc; film editor, Marion Rothman; creative makeup design, John
      Chambers.

    Cast: Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman, Natalie Trundy,
      Eric Braeden.

    © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. & Apjac Productions, Inc.;
      21May71; LP39195.

  ESPANA (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With Filmstrip manual, 19 p.

    Contents; La historia, fusion de culturas. 59 fr.--Una variada
      geografia. 59 fr.--La economia. 57 fr.--La vida de la ciudad. 55
      fr.--La vida de aldea. 56 fr.--La ruta de los peregrinos. 50 fr.

    Credits: By Sidney & Mary Lee Nolan; translated & edited by Carlos
      H. Monsanto.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13507.

  ESSENTIALS OF BASIC. Pt. 1-2: Lesson 324.1-324.2. Edutronics Systems
    International. 2 motion pictures (7 min. each), sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 15Dec70;
    MP21886-21887.

  ESSENTIALS OF COBOL. Pt. 1-3: Lesson 321.1-321.3. Edutronics Systems
    International. 3 motion pictures (5 min. each), sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; pt. 1-2,
    24Feb70, MP21888-21889; pt. 3, 9Feb70, MP21890.

  ESSENTIALS OF FORTRAN. Pt. 1-6: Lesson 322.1-322.6. Edutronics Systems
    International. 6 motion pictures (6 min. each), sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; pt. 1-4, 5,
    13Jul70, MP21880-21883, 21885; pt. 5, 2Mar70, MP21884.

  ETERNAL RECTANGLE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  EUROPEAN EXPANSION: ITS INFLUENCE ON MAN. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by
    American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70; MP21707.

  EVENING WITH ALISTER MUNDY. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  EVENTS WHILE GUARDING THE BOFORS GUN. See

    THE BOFORS GUN.

  THE EVER CHANGING CITY. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.

  EVER CHANGING COMMUNITY. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.

  EVERY BACHELOR SHOULD HAVE A FAMILY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  EVERY DAY OF OUR LIVES. Project 7 Productions. Distributed by Walt
    Disney Educational Materials Co. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Walt Disney Educational Materials Co., employer for hire. ©
    Walt Disney Educational Materials Co.; 17Jul70; LP39501.

  EVERY MAN'S MOUNTAIN. Max Evans Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Producer-director, Max Evans; narrator, Rex Allen; musical
      score, William Loose.

    Appl. author: Max Evans.

    © Max Evans Productions, Inc.; 9Jun71; MP21743.

  EVERYBODY TRIES TO LOVE A COUNTESS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  EVERYWHERE A CHICK CHICK. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE EXCITERS--THE JOHN ROBERTS RING PROGRAM (Filmstrip) John Roberts,
    Inc. 92 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: John Frank. © John Roberts,
    Inc.; 24Nov71; JU12961.

  EX-CON. See

    GREEN ACRES.

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  EXECUTION. See

    DAKTARI.

  EXHAUST EMISSION CONTROL, AIR INJECTION (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions.
    40 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, AT L11-B)

    Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13492.

  EXODUS TO BLEEDSWELL. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  EXPERIENCES IN PROCESS EDUCATION. See

    THE CRANK.

    WINDOWS.

  EXPERIMENTING (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Science processes series, set 4) With
    Filmstrip guide.

    Contents: Inferring. 37 fr.--Predicting. 40 fr.--Designing
      experiments. 40 fr.--Keeping records. 42 fr.--Using controls. 40
      fr.--Repeating experiments. 45 fr.

    Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Feb71 (in notice: 1970); JP13310-13315.

  EXPERIMENTING. McGraw-Hill Films & Hanna-Barbera Productions. 14 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc. & Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.; 9Nov70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21688.

  EX-SECRETARY, See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE EXTERNAL AND MIDDLE EAR. Teaching Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.; 20Sep71; MU8366.

  EXTERNAL PACING (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 121 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71; JP13368.

  EXTINCTION: A LESSON FROM THE PAST. Journal Films. 13 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Reinald
    Werrenrath, Jr.; 1May71; MP21642.

  EYE OF THE HURRICANE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  EZRA JACK KEATS. Weston Woods Studios. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel; director, Cynthia Freitag.

    Appl. states portion, A letter to Amy, prev. reg. & prev. pub. Dec.
      1970.

    © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 20Dec70; LP39222.


                                   F

  F.O.B. HONOLULU. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  FACE-OFF. Agincourt Productions & Film Associates. 105 min., sd., b&w,
    © Agincourt Productions, Ltd. & Film Associates; 17Nov71; LU3616.

  FACES OF BOREDOM. Pennsylvania Crime Commission. 36 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Pennsylvania Crime Commission, Pennsylvania Dept. of
    Justice (in notice: Pennsylvania Dept. of Justice); 30Aug71;
    MP22067.

  THE FACES OF PATRIOTS. Wombat Productions. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Wombat Productions, Inc,; 15Aug71; MP21954.

  LA FAMILIA Y LA DIVERSION. See

    EL MEXICO MODERNO.

  FAMILY AFFAIR. Family Affair Co. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 35
    mm. A Don Fedderson Production. © Family Affair Co.

    And baby makes eight. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      12Nov70; LP40078.

    Buffy's fair lady. Credits: Writer, Burt Styler. © 25Feb71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40055.

    Cinder Emily. Credits: Writer, Walter Black. © 11Feb71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40053.

    Class clown. Credits: Writers, Fred S. Fox & Seaman Jacobs. ©
      26Nov70; LP40080.

    Desert isle, Manhattan style. Credits: Writer, Elroy Schwartz. ©
      24Sep70; LP40071.

    Eastward ho. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin & Henry Garson. ©
      1Oct70; LP40072.

    Feat of clay. Credits: Writer, Joseph Hoffman. © 17Dec70; LP40083.

    The good neighbors. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 24Dec70;
      LP40084.

    Goodbye, Mrs. Beasley. Credits: Writer, Bonnie Souleles. © 18Feb71
      (in notice: 1970); LP40054.

    Heroes are born. Credits: Writer, Stanley Roberts. © 31Dec70;
      LP40085.

    It can't be five years. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      22Oct70; LP40075.

    The joiners. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin & Henry Garson. ©
      4Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40052.

    The littlest exile. Credits: Writer, Roland Wolpert. © 21Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40050.

    Meet Emily. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 8Oct70;
      LP40073.

    Nobody here but us uncles. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      7Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40048.

    Put your dreams away. Credits; Writer, John McGreevey. © 28Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40051.

    The return of Maudie. Credits: Writers, Henry Garson & Edmund
      Beloin. © 15Oct70; LP40074.

    Say uncle. Credits: Writer, Brad Radnitz. © 19Nov70; LP40079.

    Stamp of approval. Credits: Writer, Brad Radnitz. © 5Nov70; LP40077.

    Too late, too soon. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      14Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40049.

    Travels with Cissy. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin & Henry Garson.
      © 29Oct70; LP40076.

    The unsinkable Mr. French. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. ©
      3Dec70; LP40081.

    Wish you were here. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 10Dec70;
      LP40082.

    You can fight City Hall. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 4Mar71
      (in notice: 1970); LP40056.

  FAMILY FOR JENNY. See

    DAKTARI.

  FAMILY LIFE IN MALAYSIA: WE LIVE IN A KAMPONG. McGraw-Hill Films. 13
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Authentic
    Pictures. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    21Sep70; MP21683.

  FAMILY OF THE BUSH: SON OF WARRIORS. McGraw-Hill Films & Pan American
    World Airways. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration
    with Vision Associates. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Mar71; MP21982.

  FAMILY OF THE CITY: ADVENTURE IN NAIROBI. McGraw-Hill Films & Pan
    American World Airways. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 24Mar71; MP21983.

  FAMILY OF THE MOUNTAINS: A PERUVIAN VILLAGE. McGraw-Hill Films & Pan
    American World Airways. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 2Jul71; MP21984.

  FAMILY OF THE VALLEY: THE FAMILY COFFEE FARM. McGraw-Hill Films & Pan
    American World Airways. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 2Jul7l; MP21985.

  FARALLON LIGHT. Charles E. Peterson. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, writer & photographer, Charles E. Peterson;
      original songs, Betty Reid; sound mix, Jim Provence.

    © Charles E. Peterson; 9Jul71; MU8340.

  FAREWELL TO NATIONALISM. See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.

  FARM IN THE OCEAN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE FARMER. Communico. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    6Aug70; MP21663.

  FARMERS AFFECT OUR LIVES. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  FASTEST TONGUE IN THE WEST. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.;
    20Jun71; LP39491.

  THE FAT FIGHTERS. Brigham Young University Motion Picture Dept. 21
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 1Oct71;
    LP40130.

  FATAL HIBISCUS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  FEAR NO EVIL. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Bradford Dillman, Lynda Day, Carroll O'Connor, Louis Jourdan,
      Marsha Hunt.

    © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 3Mar69; LP39898.

  FEAT OF CLAY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  FEATURES & OPTIONS (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 70 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 8Sep71;
    JP13457.

  FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  FERN LIFE CYCLE (Filmstrip) Carolina Biological Supply Co. 52 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Carolina Biological Supply Co.; 20Sep71; JP13422.

  FERNKOPF CINEMATIC HANDWRITING WITH SUPER 8 MM. FILM LOOPS. See

    CURSIVE FILM LOOPS.

    MANUSCRIPT FILM LOOPS.

  FIESTA. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  FIGHT THE FIRE. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  FILE USAGE CONSIDERATIONS. Lesson 548. Edutronics Systems
    International. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics, Inc. whose full corporate name is Edutronics Systems
    International, Inc.; 14Nov69; MP21973.

  FILMSTRIP ON CURRENT AFFAIRS, OCT. 1971. See

    WHAT'S HAPPENED TO PATRIOTISM.

  FILMSTRIP ON CURRENT AFFAIRS, NOV. 1971. See

    PROFILE OF AMERICANS.

  FINDERS KEEPERS. See

    HOW DO YOU DECIDE?

  FINDING GOOD IDEAS FOR STORIES: THREE MAGICAL METHODS. John Allan
    Sauer & Patricia Hewlett Sauer. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John
    Allan Sauer & Patricia Hewlett Sauer; 29Sep71; MU8364.

  FINGERNAIL AND TOENAIL CARE. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study unit
    8: Personal procedures care) Produced in collaboration with William
    Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Charles Hoffman, Florence Aspinall, Janice Gottula.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21730.

  A FINK IN THE RINK. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 4Jul71;
    LP40169.

  FIRE. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Aug71; MP21992.

  THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  FIRST ANNIVERSARY IS THE HARDEST. See

    THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW.

  FIRST MEETING. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  FIRST 100 YEARS ARE THE HARDEST. See

    NANCY. No. 11.

  FIRST THINGS: SOUND FILMSTRIPS FOR PRIMARY YEARS. See

    COMPARISON: PUTTING A SYMBOL TO WORK.

    NUMBER PATTERNS: PUZZLES WITH A PURPOSE.

  FIRST WE GET RID OF THE PRINCIPAL. See

    THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

  FISH STORY. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  FISHING DERBY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  FIT THE CRIME. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  $500.00 PACKAGE. Wickes Homes, subsidiary of Wickes Corp. Made by
    Teletape Detroit, division of Teletape Corp. 3 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Teletape Detroit, division of Teletape Corp.; 28Jul71; MU8350.

  FIVE MILES HIGH. See

    IRONSIDE.

  FLASH. Lionel Martinez & James Chladek. 9 min., si., color, 16 mm. ©
    Lionel Martinez & James Chladek; 24Aug71; MU8362.

  FLASHBACK (Filmstrip) Yeck Bros. Group & William Ditzel Productions.
    120 fr., color, 35 mm. © Rexarc, Inc.; 16Jul71; JP13319.

  FLAT SHAPES. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by Bendick
    Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Learning experiences:
    Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Jul71 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21937.

  FLATT AND SCRUGGS RETURN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  FLIGHT OF THE DODO BIRD. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  FLIGHT TO NOWHERE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  FLIPPER. Ivan Tors Films. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television.
    Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
    & Ivan Tors Films, Inc.

    The most expensive sardine in the world. Credits: Writers, Peter L.
      Dixon & Laird Koenig. © 31Dec66; LP39674.

  FLOSSING (Filmstrip) Professional Education & Research. 76 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Professional Education & Research, division of Patrick
    Productions, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13559.

  FLOWCHARTING. Lesson 223. Edutronics Systems International. 8 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Tools) Loop film. © Edutronics Systems
    International, Inc.; 7Feb70 (in notice: 1969); MP21895.

  FLOWCHARTS AND LOGIC. Lesson 223.5. Edutronics Systems International.
    5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Tools) Loop film. © Edutronics:
    Systems International, Inc.; 23Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP21896.

  THE FLOWER (Filmstrip) Carolina Biological Supply Co. 52 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Carolina Biological Supply Co.; 20Oct71; JP13423.

  FLOWERS FROM ALEXANDER. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  FLY AWAY HOME. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  A FLY IN THE PINK. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released
    by United Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.; 23Jun71; LP40168.

  THE FLYING NUN. Screen Gems. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    Based on a novel by Tere Rios. © Screen Gems, Inc.

    Ah love, could you and I conspire? Credits: Producer, William
      Sackheim; director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, Richard DeRoy, Cast:
      Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey,
      Jack B. Riley. © 26Oct67; LP39632.

    All alone by the convent phone. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist;
      director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Linnard
      Lane. © 21Nov68 (in notice: 1967); LP39660.

    A bell for San Tanco. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director,
      E. W. Swackhamer; writers, Max Wylie & Harry Ackerman. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Michael
      Pataki. © 28Sep67; LP39628.

    The boyfriend. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Jerome
      Courtland; writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      13Feb69 (in notice: 1967); LP39616.

    The breakaway monk. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Murray
      Golden; writer, Arthur Julian. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Linda Dangcil. © 6Mar69 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39619.

    Cast your bread upon the waters. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist;
      director, Murray Golden; writers, William Raynor & Nyles Wilder.
      Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro
      Rey, Shelley Morrison. © 20Mar69 (in notice: 1967); LP39621.

    The convent. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, E. W.
      Swackhamer; writer, Bernard Slade. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison.
      Appl. ti.: The convert. © 14Sep67; LP39626.

    The convent gets the business. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist;
      director, Jon Andersen; writer, Paul Richards. Cast: Sally Field,
      Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley
      Morrison. © 27Mar69 (in notice: 1967); LP39622.

    Cousins by the dozens. Credits: Ed Jurist; director, Jerome
      Courtland; writers, Frank Crow & Leo Rifkin. Cast: Sally Field,
      Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, A. G. Vitanza. ©
      3Apr69 (in notice: 1967); LP39623.

    The crooked convent. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Hal
      Cooper; writer, Arthur Julian. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Shelley Morrison, Don Diamond. © 3Oct68 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39655.

    Cyrano De Bertrille. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director,
      Stan Schwimmer; writer, Paul Wayne. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      22Feb68 (in notice: 1967); LP39647.

    Days of nuns and roses. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, E. W. Swackhamer; writers, Irma & Austin Kalish. Cast:
      Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey,
      Shelley Morrison. © 2Nov67; LP39633.

    The dig in. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, Jerry
      Bernstein; writer, Dorothy Cooper Foote. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Henry Jaglom. ©
      14Dec67; LP39639.

    The fatal hibiscus. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director,
      E. W. Swackhamer; writers, Max Wylie & Harry Ackerman. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Linda
      Dangcil. © 5Oct67; LP39629.

    A fish story. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, Richard
      Kinon; writer, John McGreevey. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Michael Fox. © 11Jan68 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39642.

    Flight of the dodo bird. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Bernard Slade. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Don
      Diamond. © 12Oct67; LP39630.

    The flying nun. Pilot. 60 min. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Bernard Slade. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley
      Morrison. © 7Sep67; LP39625.

    The great casino robbery, pt. 1. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist;
      director, Jerome Courtland; writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley
      Morrison. © 30Jan69 (in notice: 1967); LP39614.

    The great casino robbery, pt. 2. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist;
      director, Jerome Courtland; writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley
      Morrison. © 6Feb69 (in notice: 1967); LP39615.

    Happy birthday, dear Gaspar. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director,
      Ezra Stone; writer, Arthur Alsberg. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison, ©
      13Mar69 (in notice: 1967); LP3962O.

    Hot spell. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, Mack Bing;
      writer, James Henerson. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Peter Leeds. © 18Jan68 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39643.

    How to be a Spanish grandmother. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist;
      director, Jerry Bernstein; writers, Ed Jurist & Michael Morris.
      Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro
      Rey, Richard Anders. © 26Dec68 (in notice: 1967); LP39664.

    If you want to fly, keep your cornette dry. Credits: Producer,
      William Sackheim; director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, Seymour
      Friedman. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood,
      Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. © 7Dec67; LP39638.

    It's an ill wind. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director,
      Jerry Bernstein; writer, John McGreevey. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Lew Palter. © 16Nov67;
      LP39635.

    It's an ill windfall. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Jerry
      Bernstein; writer, Searle Kramer. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      5Dec68 (in notice: 1967); LP39661.

    The kleptomonkeyac. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Ezra
      Stone; writers, Sam Locke & Joel Rapp. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Mike Pataki. © 20Feb69
      (in notice: 1967); LP39617.

    The landlord cometh. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Oscar
      Rudolph; writers, Frank Crow & Searle Kramer. Cast: Sally Field,
      Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley
      Morrison. © 2Jan69 (in notice: 1967); LP39611.

    The lottery. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Oscar Rudolph;
      writer, Laurence Marks. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Shelley Morrison, Linda Dangcil. © 10Apr69 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39624.

    Love me, love my dog. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director,
      Russell B. Mayberry; writers, Ted Sherdeman & Jane Klove. Cast:
      Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey,
      Mark Dymally. © 4Apr68 (in notice: 1967); LP39652.

    May the wind be always at your back. Credits: Producer, William
      Sackheim; director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, Al Beich. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Crain
      Hundley. © 28Mar68 (in notice: 1967); LP39651.

    The moo is blue. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Murray
      Golden; writers, Frank Crow & Leo Rifkin. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      27Feb69 (in notice: 1967); LP39618.

    My sister, the Sister. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, John Erman; writer, Bernard Slade. Cast: Sally Field,
      Alejandro Rey, Madeleine Sherwood, Marge Redmond, Shelley
      Morrison. © 25Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LP39644.

    Old cars for new. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director,
      Jerry Bernstein; writer, Searle Kramer. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Linda Dangcil. ©
      21Sep67; LP39627.

    The organ transplant. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Jerry
      Courtland; writer, Larry Markes. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Linda Dangcil. © 7Nov68 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39658.

    Papa Carlos. Credits: Director, Jerome Courtland; writers: Stanley
      Adams & George F. Slavin. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. © 27Feb70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP39610.

    The patron of Santa Thomasina. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Julio
      Medina. © 30Nov67; LP39637.

    Polly wants a crack in the head. Credits: Producer, William
      Sackheim; director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, Richard DeRoy. Cast:
      Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey,
      Naomi Stevens. © 19Oct67; LP39631.

    The puce alert. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, John
      Erman. Cast: Sally Field, Alejandro Rey, Madeleine Sherwood, Toby
      Adler, John Dehner. © 21Mar68 (in notice: 1967); LP39650.

    The rabbi and the nun. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Jerry
      Bernstein; writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      10Oct68 (in notice: 1967); LP39656.

    The reconversion of Sister Shapiro. Credits: Producer, William
      Sackheim; director, Jerry Bernstein; writers, Irma & Austin
      Kalish. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood,
      Alejandro Rey, Laurence Haddon. © 29Feb68 (in notice: 1967);
      LP39648.

    The return of Father Lundigan. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist;
      director, Jerry Bernstein; writers, Lee Erwin & Stan Dreben. Cast:
      Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey,
      Shelley Morrison. © 17Oct68 (in notice: 1967); LP39700.

    The Sister and the old salt. Credits: William Sackheim; director,
      Richard Kinon; writer, Bernard Slade. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      8Feb68 (in notice: 1967); LP39646.

    Sister lucky. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, John
      Erman; writer, Gene Thompson. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Booth Colman. © 1Feb68 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39645.

    Sisters socko in San Tanco. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director,
      R. Robert Rosenbaum; writer, Bernard Slade. Cast: Sally Field,
      Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley
      Morrison. © 16Jan69 (in notice: 1967); LP39612.

    Slightly hot parking meters. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director,
      Claudio Guzman; writer, Elroy Schwartz. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      12Dec68 (in notice: 1967); LP39662.

    Song of Bertrille. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, Murray
      Golden; writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. © 26Sep68 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39654.

    A star is reborn. Credits: Producer & writer, Ed Jurist; director,
      Murray Golden. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
      Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. © 23Jan69 (in notice:
      1967); LP39613.

    This convent is condemned. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director,
      Murray Golden; writer, Arthur Julian. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      24Oct68 (in notice: 1967); LP39657.

    To fly or not to fly. Credits: Ed Jurist; director, John Erman;
      writer, John McGreevey. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
      Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Linda Dangcil. © 19Dec68 (in
      notice: 1967); LP39663.

    Tonio's mother. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, Don
      Taylor; writers, Albert Mannheimer, Krishna Shah, John McGreevey.
      Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro
      Rey, E. J. Andre. © 4Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LP39641.

    Two bad eggs. Credits: Producer, Ed Jurist; director, E. W.
      Swackhamer; writer, Bruce Howard. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      14Nov68 (in notice: 1967); LP39659.

    Wailing in a winter wonderland. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, Richard DeRoy. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Celia
      Lovsky. © 21Dec67; LP39699.

    Where there's a will. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director,
      Stan Schwimmer; writer, Searle Kramer. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
      Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
      14Mar68 (in notice: 1967); LP39649.

    With friends like him, who needs? Credits: Producer, William
      Sackheim; director, Russell B. Mayberry, writers, Phyllis & Robert
      White. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood,
      Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. © 28Dec67; LP39640.

    With love from Irving. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Dorothy Cooper Foote. Cast:
      Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey,
      Linda Dangcil. © 9Nov67; LP39634.

    You can't get there from here. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, Bruce Kessler; writer, Cordwainer Bird. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Bridget
      Hanley. © 11Apr68 (in notice: 1967); LP39653.

    Young man with a cornette. Credits: Producer, William Sackheim;
      director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Bernard Slade. Cast: Sally
      Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Brian
      Nash. © 23Nov67; LP39636.

  THE FLYING SAUCER. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  FOGGY MOUNTAIN SOAP. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  FOLK SINGERS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  FOLLOW MR. WILLOUGHBY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made
    by Moreland-Latchford Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.; 6May71; MP21764.

  FOOD SERVICE WAITRESS TRAINING PROGRAM. See

    PENNEYS WAITRESS SERVICE TRAINING.

  FOOLS. Translor Productions. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 93
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Tom Gries
    Productions.

    Credits: Producers, Henri Bollinger & Robert Yamin; director, Tom
      Gries; screenplay, Robert Rudelson; composer & conductor, Shorty
      Rogers; director of photography, Michel Hugo; film editor, Byron
      Brandt.

    Cast: Jason Robards, Katharine Ross, Scott Hylands, Roy C. Jenson,
      Mark Bramhall.

    © Translor Productions, Inc.; 23Dec70; LP39903.

  FOOL'S PARADE. Stanmore Productions & Penbar Productions. Released by
    Columbia Pictures. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by
    Davis Grubb.

    Credits: Producer & director, Andrew V. McLaglen; screenplay, James
      Lee Barrett; music, Henry Vars; director of photography, Harry
      Stradling; film editors, David Bretherton & Robert Simpson.

    Cast: James Stewart, George Kennedy, Strother Martin, Kurt Russell,
      Anne Baxter.

    © Stanmore Productions, Penbar Productions, Inc. & Columbia Pictures
      Industries, Inc.; 1Jun71; LP39197.

  FOOTBALL--BLOCKING. Coca-Cola Co. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Coca-Cola Co.; 11Aug70; MP21673.

  FOOTBALL: PASS DEFENSE. Coca-Cola Co. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Coca-Cola Co.; 3Aug69; MP21657.

  FOOTBALL, PUNT RETURNS. Coca-Cola Co. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Narrator, Frank Broyles.

    © Coca-Cola Co.; 1Sep71; MP22019.

  FOOTBALL: THE LINEBACKER. Coca-Cola Co. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Coca-Cola Co.; 1Jul70; MP21658.

  FOR GOD'S SAKE. Cathedral Films. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Cathedral Films, Inc.; 1Jul71 (in notice: 1970); LP39941.

  FOR GOOD AND BAD. See

    LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.

  FORCE OF WAVES. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  FORGE OF HATE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  THE FORTRAN COURSE: PANEL DISCUSSION. Lesson 322.0. Edutronics Systems
    International. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 10Dec70; MP21975.

  FORTUNE AND MEN'S EYES. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures of Canada.
    Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Cinemax (Canada) production. From John Herbert's play.

    Credits: Producers, Lester Persky & Lewis M. Allen; director, Harvey
      Hart; screenplay, John Herbert; music, Galt MacDermot; director of
      photography, George Dufaux; film editor, Douglas Robertson.

    Cast: Wendell Burton, Michael Greer, Zooey Hall, Danny Freedman,
      Larry Perkins.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures of Canada, Ltd.; 23Jun71; LP39333.

  FORTUNE CITY. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  FORTY FEET HIGH AND IT KILLS. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE FOSSIL COLLECTORS. Arden Films. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
    authors: Jerry Millstein & Mark Marquisee. © Arden Films; 1Nov70;
    MP22085.

  4 CLOWNS. Robert Youngson Productions. Released by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. 94 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & writer, Robert Youngson; music composer &
      conductor, Manny Albam; narrator, Jay Jackson; opticals, Movielab
      Opticals; research supervisor, Jeanne Youngson.

    Cast: Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Charley Chase, Buster Keaton.

    NM: compilation & additions.

    © Robert Youngson Productions, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP39199.

  FOUR OF SPADES. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  FOX FOOLS ANASI. See

    AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

  FRACTIONS. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  FRAGMENT OF FEAR. Columbia (British) Productions [Great Britain]
    Released in the U.S. by Columbia Pictures. 94 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Based on the novel by John Bingham.

    Credits: Producer, John R. Sloan; director, Richard C. Sarafian;
      screenplay, Paul Dehn; music composer & conductor, Johnny Harris;
      director of photography, Oswald Morris; film editor, Malcolm
      Cooke.

    Cast: David Hemmings, Gayle Hunnicutt, Wilfrid Hyde-White, Flora
      Robson, Adolfo Celi.

    © Columbia (British) Productions, Ltd.; 4Sep70; LF81.

  FREDDY FORECAST. Fairman Productions. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Fairman Productions, Inc.; 23Jun71; LP40005.

  FREE PAINT JOB. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  FREEDOM BY DESIGN. Zinc Institute. Made by Allscope. 26 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Zinc Institute, Inc.; 5May71 (in notice: 1970);
    MP21878.

  THE FRENCH WEST INDIES (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 3
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Introduction. 56 fr.--Guadeloupe and her islands, 58
      fr.--Martinique. 56 fr.

    Credits: Written & photographed by George & Suzanne Russell.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13484.

  THE FRESHMEN. Cos Film Productions. 78 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Screenplay, Susan M. Aikens.

    © Cos Film Productions, Inc.; 22Oct71; MU8372.

  FRIEND IN DEED. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  FRIENDS. Behrens Co. Approx. 3 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Behrens
    Co., Inc.

    Episode no.

    4. Miami, Florida. © 15Sep70; LP39223.

    5. Tampa, Florida. © 15Sep70; LP39224.

    8. Houston, Texas. © 15Sep70; LP39225.

    11. Alamagordo, New Mexico. © 15Sep70; LP39932.

    13. Phoenix, Arizona. © 15Sep70; LP39933.

    15. East Los Angeles, California. © 15Sep70; LP39934.

    17. Morro Bay, California. © 15Sep70; LP39935.

    19. Kauai, Hawaii. © 15Sep70; LP39936.

    20. Elko, Nevada. © 15Sep70; LP39937.

    21. Salt Lake City, Utah. © 15Sep70; LP39938.

    22. Grand Junction, Colorado. © 15Sep70; LP39939.

  FRIENDS. Paramount Pictures Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, director & original story, Lewis Gilbert;
      screenplay, Jack Russell & Vernon Harris; music, Elton John &
      Bernie Taupin; director of photography, Andreas Winding; film
      editor, Anne V. Coates.

    Cast: Sean Bury, Anicee Alvina, Pascale Roberts, Sady Rebbot, Ronald
      Lewis.

    Appl. author: Global Productions, A.G.

    © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 26Feb71; LP39666.

  FROG FAMILY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  FROM PREHISTORIC TIMES TO THE FOUNDING OF LOS ANGELES. See

    HISTORY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

  FROM RAGS TO RICHES. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  FROM SLAVERY TO FREEDOM. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  FROM THE OLD WEST TO THE NEW WEST. Mrs. Joseph J. Trucco. 60 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Mrs. Joseph J. Trucco; 8Nov71; MU8371.

  FROM WHERE I SIT. Coca-Cola Co. Made by Viscount Productions. 18 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Coca-Cola Co.; 1Apr70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21656.

  FUNDAMENTAL NURSING SERIES, STUDY UNIT 8: PERSONAL PROCEDURES CARE.
    See

    BATHING THE CONVALESCENT PATIENT IN BED.

    BEDPAN AND URINAL ASSISTANCE.

    FINGERNAIL AND TOENAIL CARE.

    MEASURING AND RECORDING FLUID OUTPUT.

    MORNING CARE.

    OCCUPIED BED MAKING.

    ORAL HYGIENE AND DENTURE CARE.

    ORAL HYGIENE FOR THE DEPENDENT PATIENT.

    SHAMPOOING AND SETTING THE PATIENT'S HAIR.

    SHAVING THE MALE PATIENT.

    SKIN CARE.

    TUB BATH AND SITZ BATH.

  FUNDAMENTAL SERIES: OPERATING-ROOM TECHNIQUES, STUDY UNIT 1:
    ORIENTATION TO THE OPERATING ROOM. See

    THE OPERATING-ROOM TEAM.

    ORGANIZATION OF THE OPERATING-ROOM SUITE.

  FUNDAMENTAL SERIES: OPERATING-ROOM TECHNIQUES, STUDY UNIT 2:
    PRELIMINARY PREPARATION FOR SURGERY. See

    GOWNING AND GLOVING FOR SURGERY.

    PREPARATION OF SURGICAL LINEN.

    SANITIZATION, DISINFECTION, AND STERILIZATION FOR SURGERY.

    SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS.

    THE SURGICAL SCRUB.

    TRANSFERRING AND TRANSPORTING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.

  FUNDAMENTAL SERIES: OPERATING-ROOM TECHNIQUES, STUDY UNIT 3:
    PRELIMINARY PREPARATION OF THE PATIENT FOR SURGERY. See

    DRAPING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.

    POSITIONING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.

    SURGICAL SKIN PREPARATION IN THE NURSING AND OPERATING ROOM.

    FUNDAMENTALS OF BASEBALL. See CATCHING & THROWING.

  FURNITURE, FURNITURE, WHO'S GOT THE FURNITURE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE FUTURE OF TECHNOLOGY. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by BNA
    Films. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Managing discontinuity) A Quest
    production. © B.N.A., Inc.; 13Dec71; MP22074.


                                   G

  GALILEO AND HIS UNIVERSE. See

    YOU ARE THERE.

  THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 96 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the novel by Jimmy Breslin.

    Credits: Producers, Irwin Winkler & Robert Chartoff; director, James
      Goldstone; screenplay, Waldo Salt; music, Dave Grusin; director of
      photography, Owen Roizman; film editor, Edward A. Biery.

    Cast: Jerry Orback, Leigh Taylor-Young, Jo Van Fleet, Lionel
      Stander, Robert de Niro.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 17Dec71; LP40317.

  GARBAGE IN--GARBAGE OUT. See

    LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.

  GARDEN OF DELIGHTS FOR KIDS. No. 1. Ruth S. White. 16 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Contents: Hickory dickory dock.--Space trip.--Hush
    little baby.--Adventures in Underland. © Ruth White; 20Oct71;
    LP40212.

  GASOLINE ENGINES: FACTS AND FEATURES. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  GAVAGE FEEDING OF THE PREMATURE INFANT. McGraw-Hill. 5 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (The Normal premature infant) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21697.

  GEM DANDY. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 25Oct70; LP39229.

  THE GENESIS CHILDREN. Lyric Films International. 91 min., sd., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Billy Byars; director, Anthony Aikman; writers,
      Anthony Aikman & Billy Byars; music, Jerry Styner; photographer &
      editor, Bill Dewar.

    © Lyric Films International & Billy Byars; 26Oct71; LU3615.

  GENEVIEVE FOSTER'S WORLD. Connecticut Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Connecticut Films, Inc.; 15May71; MP21654.

  GENTLE BEN. Ivan Tors Films. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    From a novel by Walt Morey. Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network. © Ivan Tors Films, Inc.

    Ben, the champ. Producer; George Sherman; writer, Rance Howard. ©
      17Oct68 (in notice: 1969); LP39206.

  GENTRY'S LAW. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  GEOGRAFIA Y ECONOMIA. See

    EL MEXICO MODERNO.

  GEORGE WASHINGTON. See

    PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  GEORGIE TO THE RESCUE. Viking Films Miniature Film Studios.
    Distributed by Sterling Educational Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Based on the book by Robert Bright. © Sterling Educational
    Films, division of Walter Reade Organization, Inc. & Book
    Properties, Inc., subsidiary of Doubleday & Co., Inc. (in notice:
    Doubleday & Co., Inc. & Walter Reade Organization, Inc.); 8Jul71;
    LP40218.

  GET HIGH ON LIFE. Dana Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Albert Saparoff; music & lyrics, Andrea.

    Appl. author: Albert Saparoff d.b.a. Dana Productions.

    © Dana Productions; 29Apr71; MP21832.

  GET ON YOUR MARK, GET READY, GET SET. Roa's Films. 3 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: Ray J. Lenahan. © Roa's Films; 25Oct71;
    LP40211.

  GET TOGETHER (Filmstrip) Goal Record Film Productions. 78 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Patricia R. Repper; orchestration & conducting,
      Lindsay Meehan; singer, Jack Jenkins.

    © Goal Record Film Productions, Inc.; 11Mar71; JP13288.

  GETTING A PROMOTION. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 11Mar71; MP21769.

  GETTING EVEN WITH HANEY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  GETTING THE WORK OUT. See

    LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.

  GETTING WORK DONE THROUGH GROUPS (Filmstrip) Xicom. 35 fr., color, 35
    mm. (A Simulab series) Produced with the assistance of Margaret
    Mead, Paul F. Brandwein, Ronald Lippit & Irvine H. Millgate. ©
    Xicom, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13230.

  GHOST OF CLAMPETT CASTLE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GHOST OF PRUITT MANSION. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  GIRL FOR DROBNY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  GIRL OF OUR DREAMS. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  GIRLS, ALL THOSE GIRLS! Mario Ghio Production Group. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mario Ghio
    Production Group, Ltd.; 11Jul71; LP39665.

  A GIRL'S BEST FRIEND. See

    NANCY. No. 17.

  GIRLS FROM GRUN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  GIVE ME LAND, LOTS OF LAND. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  GIVING A BEDPAN OR URINAL. Comprenetics. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 14May71 (in notice: 1970);
    MP21962.

  GLASS HOUSES. Magellan. Released by Columbia Pictures. 90 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & film editor, George Folsey, Jr.; director,
      Alexander Singer; writers, Alexander Singer & Judith Singer;
      music, David Raksin; director of photography, George Folsey.

    Cast: Bernard Barrow, Deirdre Lenihan, Jennifer O'Neill, Ann
      Summers, Phillip Pine.

    © Magellan, Ltd.; 1Nov71 (in notice: 1970); LP40316.

  THE GLEN CAMPBELL GOODTIME HOUR. Glenco Productions. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © Glenco Productions, Inc.

    Guests: Barbara Feldon, George Lindsey & Waylon Jennings. Telecast:
      Nov. 5, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck;
      director, Jack Shea. © 31Oct69; LP39482.

    Guests: Cher, Cliff Arquette, Casey Anderson & Don Ho. Telecast:
      Oct. 15, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck;
      director, Jack Shea. © 10Oct69; LP39478.

    Guests: Cher, Neil Diamond & Bob Newhart. Telecast: Nov. 19, 1969.
      Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck; director, Jack Shea. ©
      14Nov69; LP39485.

    Guests: Ella Fitzgerald, Neil Diamond, Charlie Manna & Raymond Burr.
      Telecast: Mar. 1, 1970. Credits: Producers: Jack Shea, Rich Eustis
      & Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 24Feb70; LP39474.

    Guests: Evie Sands, Leland Palmer, Milburn Stone & Ken Curtis.
      Telecast: Feb. 1, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich Eustis
      & Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 28Jan70; LP39472.

    Guests: Jackie De Shannon, Glen's folks & Flip Wilson. Telecast:
      Nov. 26, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck;
      director, Jack Shea. © 21Nov69; LP39484.

    Guests: John Davidson, Lily Tomlin, Glenn Ash & Mike Connors.
      Telecast: Mar. 8, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich Eustis
      & Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 3Mar70; LP39475.

    Guests: Judy Collins, Larry Storch, Al Martino & George Lindsey.
      Telecast: Mar. 15, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich
      Eustis & Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 10Mar70; LP39476.

    Guests: Ken Berry, Gaylord & Holiday, Jeannie Seely & Debbie
      Reynolds. Telecast: Mar. 22, 1970. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea,
      Rich Eustis & Al Rogers; director, Jack Shea. © 17Mar70; LP39477.

    Guests: Lennon Sisters, Willie Nelson & Tony Randall. Telecast: Nov.
      12, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck; director,
      Jack Shea. © 7Nov69; LP39483.

    Guests: Lulu, Jerry Reed & Tony Randall. Telecast: Feb. 8, 1970.
      Credits: Producers, Jack Shea, Rich Eustis & Al Rogers; director,
      Jack Shea. © 3Feb70; LP39473.

    Guests: Lynn Kellogg, Gaylord & Holiday, Tony Bennett. Telecast:
      Dec. 3, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck;
      director, Jack Shea. © 28Nov69; LP39486.

    Guests: Michele Lee, Rick Nelson & George Lindsey. Telecast: Dec.
      10, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck; director,
      Jack Shea. © 7Dec69; LP39487.

    Guests: Rich Little, Linda Ronstadt & Johnny Cash. Telecast: Oct.
      29, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck; director,
      Jack Shea. © 24Oct69; LP39481.

    Guests: Sarah Vaughn, Bill Medley & George Burns. Telecast: Oct 1,
      1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck; director, Jack
      Shea. © 26Sep69; LP39480.

    Guests: Smothers Brothers, Barbara McNair & John Stewart. Telecast:
      Sep. 24, 1969. Credits: Producers, Jack Shea & Cecil Tuck;
      director, Jack Shea. © 19Sep69; LP39479.

  GLOBE CRUISING (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 48 fr., color, 35
    mm. Appl. author: Violet Priestley. © Violet Priestley d.b.a.
    Library Filmstrip Center; 20Jun70; JP13280.

  THE GLORIA SWANSON STORY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GO AWAY, FAT. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE GO-BETWEEN. E.M.I. Film Productions. [France] Released in the U.S.
    by Columbia Pictures. 116 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
    novel by L. P. Hartley.

    Credits: Producers, John Heyman & Norman Priggen; director, Joseph
      Losey; screenplay, Harold Pinter; music composer & conductor,
      Michel Legrand; director of photography, Gerry Fisher; editor,
      Reginald Beck.

    Cast: Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Margaret Leighton, Michael
      Redgrave, Dominic Guard.

    © E. M. I. Film Productions, Ltd.; 25May71; LF88.

  GODDESS OF LOVE. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  GOING, GOING, GONE. See

    NANCY. No. 10.

  GOING STEADY. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  GOLD IS THE WAY I FEEL. Columbia Pictures. Made by Trafco. 8 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Film makers, Donald Hughes & others.

    © Columbia Pictures & Trafco; 1May71 (in notice: 1970); MP22000.

  GONG WITH THE PINK. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D
    F.; 20Oct71; LP40167.

  GOOD LUCK RING. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  GOOD MORNING, FREEDOM! Richard S. Burdick. Distributed by ACI Films.
    30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © S & R Foundation; 17Mar68 (in notice:
    1967); MP21999.

  THE GOOD NEIGHBORS. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  GOOD OLD DAYS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  GOOD, SOUND PROFIT. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  GOODBYE, BILLY: AMERICA GOES TO WAR 1917-18. Cadre Films. 25 min.,
    sd., b&w. Appl. authors: R. C. Raack, Wm. F. Malloch & Patrick H.
    Griffin. NM: compilation. © R. C. Raach, Wm. F. Malloch & Patrick H.
    Griffin, partnership under fictitious business names of Cadre &
    Cadre Films; 5Oct71; MU8370.

  GOODBYE, MRS. BEASLEY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  GOODBYE TO YESTERDAY. See

    IRONSIDE.

  GORILLA. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GOVERNMENT AND ECONOMIC LIFE. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  GOWNING AND GLOVING FOR SURGERY. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series: Operating-room
    techniques, study unit 2: Preliminary preparation for surgery)
    Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Lubomir Kuzmok, Ruth Spohn, Rosario M. Songco.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21716.

  THE GRADUATE. Lawrence Turman, Inc. Released by Embassy Pictures Corp.
    105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by
    Charles Webb.

    Credits: Producer, Lawrence Turman; director, Mike Nichols;
      screenplay, Calder Willingham & Buck Henry; songs, Paul Simon;
      film editor, Sam O'Steen.

    Cast: Anne Bancroft, Dustin Hoffman Katharine Ross, William Daniels,
      Murray Hamilton.

    © Embassy a.a.d.o. Embassy Pictures Corp. & Lawrence Turman, Inc.;
      20Dec67; LP40200.

  GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 22.

  GRANDPA IN CHARGE. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  GRANNY LIVES IT UP. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GRANNY RETIRES. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GRANNY TONICS A BIRDWATCHER. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GRASSLAND ECOLOGY: HABITATS AND CHANGE. Centron Corp. Made by Centron
    Educational Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp.,
    Inc.; 1Dec70; MP21739.

  GREAT BRITISH NARRATIVE POEMS. See

    THE DESERTED VILLAGE.

    THE LADY OF SHALOTT.

    THE PRISONER OF CHILLON.

  GREAT CASINO CAPER. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  GREAT CASINO ROBBERY. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  GREAT COOK OFF. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE GREAT JETHRO. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE GREAT MAYORALITY CAMPAIGN. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  GREAT RACE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  GREAT REVELATION. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE GREAT SNOW. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE GREAT STATE OF FLORIDA. Beckley Films. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: William M. Beckley. © Beckley Films, Inc.; 15May71;
    MP21785.

  GREAT TAG TEAM MATCH. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GREEN ACRES. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 29 min. each, sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc.

    Arnold, boy hero. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 31Jan68; LP39373.

    The ballad of Molly Turgiss. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Pat Buttram
      & Alvy Moore. © 6Apr66; LP39426.

    The ballad of Molly Turgiss. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Pat Buttram,
      Frank Cady. © 6Apr66; LP39926.

    The best laid plans. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Eleanor Audley & Tom
      Fadden. © 6Oct65; LP39429.

    The Beverly hillbillies. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 1Mar67; LP39397.

    Culture. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie
      Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Pat Buttram & Frank Cady. ©
      25May66; LP39385.

    The day of decision. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester & Alvy Moore. © 23Feb66; LP39424.

    The decorator. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Eleanor Audley, Bea Benaderet & Lori
      Saunders. © 29Sep65; LP39428.

    The deputy. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. ©
      23Mar66; LP39379.

    Don't call us, we'll call you. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 17Nov65; LP39435.

    Don't count your tomatoes before they're picked. Credits: Writers,
      Jack Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. © 11Oct67; LP39408.

    Double drick. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. ©
      13Apr66; LP39380.

    Eb discovers the birds and the bees. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester & Linda
      Kaye. © 9Nov66; LP39393.

    Eb elopes. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eve Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore & Frank Cady. ©
      25Oct67; LP39410.

    Eb returns. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Frank Cady & Fred Ziffel. ©
      27Dec67; LP39416.

    Exodus to Bleedswell. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 25Jan67; LP39395.

    Flight to nowhere. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 7Feb68; LP39374.

    Furniture, furniture, who's got the furniture? Credits: Writers, Jay
      Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Eleanor Audley & Tom Lester. © 20Oct65; LP39431.

    Give me land, lots of land. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 5Jan66; LP39419.

    The good old days. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Olaf
      Simpson. © 2Nov66; LP39392.

    Horse? What horse? Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 11May66; LP39383.

    How to enlarge a bedroom. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Frank Cady. © 29Dec65; LP39440.

    How to see South America by bus. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy
      Moore & Frank Cady. © 5Oct66; LP39390.

    How to succeed on TV without really trying. Credits: Writers, Jay
      Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. © 24Jan68; LP39372.

    The Hungarian curse. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 13Mar68; LP39377.

    I didn't raise my husband to be a fireman. Credits: Writers, Jay
      Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. © 19Jan66; LP3942O.

    I didn't raise my pig to become a soldier. Credits: Teleplay, Jay
      Sommers & Dick Chevillat; story, Elon Packard & Norman Hudis.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore & Hank
      Patterson. © 28Sep66; LP39389.

    Instant family. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Frank Cady & Mary Grace
      Canfield. © 27Mar68; LP39378.

    Jealousy, English style. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore
      & Frank Cady. © 22Nov67; LP39414.

    Kimball gets fired. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore & Frank
      Cady. © 29Mar67; LP39400.

    A kind word for the president. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Frank Cady &
      Sid Melton. © 18Oct67; LP39409.

    Lisa has a calf. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Eleanor
      Audley & Tom Lester. © 8Dec65; LP39437.

    Lisa, the helpmate. Credits: Teleplay, Jay Sommers & Dick Sommers;
      story, Lou Huston & Al Schwartz. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor,
      Eleanor Audley, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. © 3Nov65; LP39433.

    Lisa's first day on the farm. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Edgar Buchanan, Frank
      Cady & Rufe Davis. © 22Sep65; LP39427.

    Lisa's jam session. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 13Sep67; LP39404.

    Lisa's vegetable garden. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 8Mar67; LP39398.

    Love comes to Arnold Ziffel. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 20Sep67; LP39405.

    Das lumpen. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Alvy Moore & Frank Cady. © 8Nov67;
      LP39412.

    The man for the job. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 6Sep67; LP39403.

    Music to milk by. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy
      Moore & Frank Cady. © 26Apr67; LP39402.

    My husband the rooster renter. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Frank Cady. © 13Oct65; LP39430.

    My mother the countess. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 14Feb68; LP39375.

    Neighborliness. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Eleanor Audley & Tom
      Lester. © 27Oct65; LP39432.

    Never look a gift tractor in the mouth. Credits: Writers, Jay
      Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom
      Lester, Hank Patterson & Barbara Pepper. © 27Apr66; LP39381.

    Never take your wife to a convention. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers
      & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester & Frank Cady. © 8Feb67; LP39396.

    No trespassing. Credits: Writer, Dan Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert,
      Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore & Frank Cady. © 20Dec67;
      LP39415.

    Not guilty. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. ©
      3Jan68; LP39371.

    Oliver takes over the phone company. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester & Alvy Moore. © 4Oct67; LP39407.

    Oliver vs. the phone company. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 27Sep67; LP39406.

    Our son, the barber. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester & Alvy Moore. Appl. ti.: My son, the barber. © 28Feb68;
      LP39376.

    Parity begins at home. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore
      & Tom Fadden. © 24Nov65; LP39436.

    A pig in a poke. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 9Mar66; LP39425.

    The price of apples. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 9Feb66; LP39422.

    The rains came. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Pat
      Buttram & Alvy Moore. © 18May66; LP39384.

    The saucer season. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 15Mar67; LP39399.

    School days. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert & Eva Gabor. © 4Jan67; LP39394.

    Send a boy to college. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Pat Buttram &
      Alvy Moore. © 4May66; LP39382.

    Sprained ankle--country style. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore &
      Sid Melton. © 2Feb66; LP39421.

    The thing. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore & Frank Cady. ©
      1Nov67; LP39411.

    The ugly duckling. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 19Oct66; LP39391.

    Uncle Ollie. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Elon Packard. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester & Pat Buttram. © 1Jun66;
      LP39386.

    The vulgar ring story. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 12Apr67; LP39401.

    Water, water everywhere. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 21Sep66; LP39388.

    The ... wedding anniversary. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Eleanor
      Audley & Tom Lester. © 15Dec65; LP39438.

    What happened in Scranton? Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Eleanor
      Audley & Tom Lester. © 22Dec65; LP39439.

    What's in a name? Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore & Sid
      Melton © 16Feb66; LP39423.

    Wings over Hooterville. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 14Sep66; LP39387.

    Won't you come home Arnold Ziffel? Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy
      Moore & Frank Cady. © 15Nov67; LP39413.

    You can't plug in a 2 with a 6. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore &
      Barbara Pepper. © 10Nov65; LP39434.

  GREEN ACRES. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 29 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc.

    The agricultural student. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 27Nov68; LP40252.

    A hunting we won't go. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 26Feb69; LP40263.

    Alf and Ralph break up. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore
      & Frank Cady. © 13Dec67; LP39352.

    Apple picking time. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 17Nov70; LP40300.

    Beauty is skin deep. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 27Dec69; LP40279.

    The beeping rock. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy
      Moore. © 21Mar70; LP40289.

    The birthday gift. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy
      Moore. © 1Jan69: LP40256.

    The blue feather. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy
      Moore. © 18Dec68: LP40254.

    Bundle of joy. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester, Frank Cady. © 24Jan70; LP40283.

    The candidate. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers, Dick Chevillat & Dan
      Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Frank Cady,
      Hank Patterson. © 30Oct68; LP40248.

    The carpenters' ball. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan
      Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 23Feb71; LP40239.

    The case of the Hooterville refund fraud. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva
      Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. © 20Feb70; LP40285.

    Charlie, Homer and Natasha. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 22Dec70; LP40305.

    The city kids. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore. ©
      15Sep70; LP40293.

    The coming out party. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 22Sep70; LP40294.

    The computer age. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 15Feb67; LP39360.

    The confrontation. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 14Feb70; LP40286.

    The cow killer. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester, Alvy Moore. © 7Feb70; LP40287.

    A day in the life of Oliver W. W. Holmes. Credits: Writers, Jay
      Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore. © 5Feb69; LP40260.

    Eb uses his ingenuity. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 12Mar69; LP40264.

    Eb's double trouble. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 10Nov70; LP40299.

    Eb's romance. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester. © 23Oct68;
      LP40247.

    Economy flight to Washington. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 12Feb69; LP40261.

    The engagement ring. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan
      Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 29Dec70; LP40306.

    Enterprising Eb. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 24Nov70; LP40301.

    Everybody tries to love a countess. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester, Frank Cady. © 4Oct69; LP40268.

    Everywhere a chick chick. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 8Jan69; LP40257.

    The ex-con. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. ©
      31Jan70; LP40284.

    The ex-secretary. Credits: Creator & writer, Jay Sommers. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Elaine Joyce, Richard Deacon. © 27Apr71;
      LP40243.

    The four of spades. Credits: Writers Jay Sommers & John L. Green.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 8Nov69; LP40273.

    The free paint job. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Frank Cady, Alvy
      Moore. © 5Jan71; LP40232.

    Getting even with Haney. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Frank Cady. © 22Mar67; LP39362.

    A girl for Drobny. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan Beaumont.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 16Feb71; LP40238.

    The great mayorality [sic] campaign. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester, Frank Cady. © 27Oct70; LP40298.

    Guess who's not going to the luau? Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester, Alvy Moore. © 25Sep68; LP40244.

    Hail to the fire chief. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 16Oct68; LP40246.

    Handy lessons. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore, Mary Grace
      Canfield. © 6Nov68; LP40249.

    Haney's new image. Credits: Writers, Bobby Bell & Bill Lee. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore & Frank Cady. ©
      29Nov67; LP39364.

    Happy birthday. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 11Apr70; LP40292.

    Hawaiian honeymoon. Credits: Creator & writer, Jay Sommers. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, William Sylvester, Jane Connell, Pamela
      Franklin. © 16Mar71; LP40242.

    The high cost of loving. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 8Dec70; LP40303.

    His honor. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Al Schwartz. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. ©
      11Jan67; LP39350.

    Hole in the porch. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan Beaumont.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 2Mar71; LP40240.

    Home is where you run away from. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester & Alvy Moore. © 10Jan68; LP39353.

    A home isn't built in a day. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester & Frank Cady. © 30Nov66; LP39367.

    The Hooterville image. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 16Nov66; LP39349.

    How Hooterville was floundered. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 11Dec68; LP40253.

    How to get from Hooterville to Pixley without moving. Credits:
      Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva
      Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. © 25Dec68: LP40255.

    A husband for Eleanor. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Frank Cady,
      Alvy Moore. © 13Nov68; LP40250.

    It's human to be humane. Credits: Writers, Sam Locke & Joel Rapp.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore & Frank
      Cady. © 1Feb67; LP39359.

    It's so peaceful in the country, Credits: Writers, David Braverman &
      Bob Marcus. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 18Jan67; LP39351.

    Jealousy. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. ©
      29Sep70; LP40295.

    King Oliver I. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram Tom Lester, Frank Cady. ©
      9Feb71; LP40237.

    The liberation movement. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan
      Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 15Dec70; LP40304.

    Lisa bakes a cake. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 26Jan66; LP39348.

    Lisa, the psychologist. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan
      Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 9Mar71; LP40241.

    Lisa's mudder comes for a visit. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester, Frank Cady. © 27Sep69; LP40267.

    The marital vacation. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 15Jan69; LP40258.

    The milk maker. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 26Mar69; LP40265.

    Never start talking unless your voice comes out. Credits: Writers,
      Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. © 22Feb67; LP39361.

    Never trust a little old lady. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers, Dick
      Chevillat & Al Schwartz. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. © 28Dec66; LP39370.

    An old fashioned Christmas. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Buddy
      Atkinson. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester &
      Alvy Moore. © 21Dec66; LP39369.

    Old mail day. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore. ©
      20Nov68; LP40251.

    Oliver and the cornstalk. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 20Dec69; LP40278.

    Oliver buys a farm. Credits: Writer, Jay Sommers. Cast: Eddie Albert
      & Eva Gabor. © 15Sep65; LP39347.

    Oliver goes broke. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 20Oct70; LP40297.

    Oliver's double. Credits: Writer, Dan Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert,
      Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. © 1Dec70; LP40302.

    Oliver's jaded past. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert & Eva Gabor. © 6Mar68; LP39355.

    Oliver's school girl crush. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore.
      © 29Nov69; LP40276.

    One of our assemblymen is missing. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester & Alvy Moore. © 26Oct66; LP39365.

    The picnic. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. ©
      7Mar70; LP40288.

    A prize in every package. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore,
      Frank Cady. © 22Jan69; LP40259.

    Ralph's nuptials. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 13Dec69; LP40277.

    The reincarceration of Eb. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat
      Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore. © 2Apr69; LP40266.

    Rest and relaxation. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy
      Moore. © 10Jan70; LP40281.

    Retreat from Washington. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 19Feb69; LP40262.

    The road. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & John L. Greene. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. ©
      1Nov69; LP40272.

    A royal love story. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Frank Cady, Victoria
      Meyerink. © 6Oct70; LP40296.

    The rummage sale. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Alvy Moore. © 2Oct68;
      LP40245.

    The rutabaga story. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 20Mar68; LP39356.

    Son of Drobny. Credits: Writer, Dan Beaumont. Cast: Eddie Albert,
      Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. © 12Jan71;
      LP40233.

    Special delivery letter. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram,
      Tom Lester, Frank Cady. © 22Nov69; LP40275.

    Spot remover. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester, Frank Cady. © 2Feb71; LP40236.

    The spring festival. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy
      Moore. © 21Feb68; LP39354.

    A square is not round. Credits: Writer, Elroy Schwartz. Cast: Eddie
      Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. ©
      14Dec66; LP39368.

    A star named Arnold is born, pt. 1. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom
      Lester & Alvy Moore. © 3Apr68; LP39357.

    A star named Arnold is born, pt. 2. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers &
      Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor & Hank Patterson. ©
      10Apr68; LP39358.

    Star witness. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan Beaumont. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. ©
      26Jan71; LP40235.

    The tail of a tale. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Tom Lester, Frank Cady, Alvy Moore.
      © 18Oct69; LP40270.

    Trapped. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast: Eddie
      Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. © 17Jan70;
      LP40282.

    Uncle Fedor. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore. ©
      20Mar70; LP40290.

    The wealthy landowner. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Alvy Moore. © 4Apr70; LP40291.

    The wedding deal. Credits: Writers, Dick Chevillat & Dan Beaumont.
      Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank
      Cady. © 19Jan71; LP40234.

    Where there's a will. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 11Oct69; LP40269.

    Who's Lisa? Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester & Alvy Moore. ©
      19Apr67; LP39363.

    The wishbook. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore. ©
      3Jan70; LP40280.

    You and your big shrunken head. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester,
      Frank Cady. © 25Oct69; LP40271.

    You ought to be in pictures. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick
      Chevillat. Cast: Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester
      & Alvy Moore. © 23Nov66; LP39366.

    Youth center. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & John L. Greene. Cast:
      Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Frank Cady. ©
      15Nov69; LP40274.

  GREENER PASTURES. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  GREETINGS FROM THE PRESIDENT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GROWTH AND CONFLICT IN AMERICAN LIFE, SECTION 1-4. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  GROWTH OF AN AMERICAN CITY. See

    PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  GROWTH OF NATIONALISM AND SECTIONALISM. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  GRUN INCIDENT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GRUNION INVASION. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GUADELOUPE AND HER ISLANDS. See

    THE FRENCH WEST INDIES.

  LA GUADELOUPE ET SES ILES. See

    LES ANTILLES FRANCAISES.

  THE GUARNERIUS CAPER. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  GUESS WHO'S COMING TO THE WHITE HOUSE. See

    NANCY. No. 2.

  GUESS WHO'S NOT GOING TO THE LUAU. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  GUEST IN THE HOUSE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  GUIDES TO DISSECTION. See

    ANTERIOR TRIANGLE OF THE NECK.

    THE BISECTED HEAD: NASAL CAVITY AND TONGUE.

    THE CRANIAL CAVITY: REMOVAL OF THE BRAIN.

    CRANIOVERTEBRAL, PREVERTEBRAL & PHARYNGEAL REGIONS.

    THE EXTERNAL AND MIDDLE EAR.

    THE LARYNX.

    THE ORBIT FROM ABOVE.

    PAROTID AND SUBMANDIBULAR REGIONS.

    POSTERIOR TRIANGLE OF THE NECK.

  THE GUN. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  GUNRUNNER. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  GUNSMOKE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    The bullet, pt. 1-2. Credits: Writer, Jim Byrnes. Cast: James
      Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck Taylor. ©
      23Nov71, LP40136; 29Nov71, LP40137.

    Captain Sligo. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writer, William
      Kelley. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Ken Curtis, Amanda
      Blake, Buck Taylor. © 27Dec70; LP40032.

    Chato. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Paul Edwards. Cast:
      James Arness. © 7Sep70; LP40017.

    Cleavus. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writers, Donald Z.
      Koplowitz & Richard Davids Scott. Cast: James Arness, Milburn
      Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 8Feb71; LP40035.

    Gentry's law. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jack Miller.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Ken Curtis. © 5Oct70; LP40021.

    The gun. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Donald S.
      Sanford. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor, Glenn Strange. © 2Nov70; LP40025.

    Jaekel. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; teleplay, Calvin
      Clements; story, Gerry Day & Bethel Leslie. Cast: James Arness,
      Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 25Jan71;
      LP40033.

    Jenny. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writer, Jack Miller.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 21Dec70; LP40031.

    Lavery. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writer, Donald S.
      Sanford. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 15Feb71; LP40036.

    Luke. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jack Miller. Cast:
      James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 25Oct70; LP40024.

    McCabe. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jim Byrnes. Cast:
      James Arness. © 23Nov70; LP40028.

    Mirage. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writer, Jack Miller.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 4Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40039.

    Murdoch. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writer, Jack Miller.
      Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck
      Taylor. © 1Feb71; LP40034.

    The noonday devil. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, William
      Kelley. Cast: James Arness. © 30Nov70; LP40029.

    The noose. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Arthur Browne,
      Jr. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken Curtis,
      Buck Taylor. © 14Sep70; LP40018.

    Pike, pt. 1-2. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writer, Jack
      Miller. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 22Feb71, LP40037; 1Mar71, LP40038.

    Sam McTavish, M.D. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writers, Gerry
      Day & Bethel Leslie. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda
      Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 28Sep70; LP40020.

    The scavengers. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Jim
      Byrnes. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 9Nov70; LP40026.

    Sergeant Holly. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, William
      Kelley. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 7Dec70; LP40030.

    Snow train, pt. 1-2. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer,
      Preston Wood. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Ken Curtis. ©
      12Oct70, LP40022; 19Oct70, LP40023.

    Stark. Credits: Producer, Joseph D. Dackow; writer, Donald S.
      Sanford. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Ted Jordan. © 21Sep70; LP40019.

    Tycoon. Credits: Producer, Leonard Katzman; writer, Robert Vincent
      Wright. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda Blake, Ken
      Curtis, Glenn Strange. © 18Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40040.

    The witness. Credits: Producer, Joseph Dackow; writer, Shimon
      Wincelberg. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Ken Curtis, Ted
      Jordan. © 16Nov70; LP40027.

  THE GURU. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  GYNECOLOGIC LAPAROSCOPY. Upjohn Co. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
    Upjohn vanguard of medicine) © Upjohn Co.; 15Nov71; LP40162.

  THE GYPSY'S WARNING. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.


                                   H

  H. R. PUFNSTUF. Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions. 1 reel
    each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Sid & Marty
    Krofft Television Productions, Inc.

    The magic road. © 14Aug69; LP39470.

  HAIL TO THE FIRE CHIEF. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HAMAD AND THE PIRATES: THE ISLAND OF THE THREE PALMS. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  HAMAD AND THE PIRATES: THE PHANTOM DHOW. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  HAND CROSS-POLLINATION OF THE SOYBEAN (GLYCINE MAX) Iowa State
    University. Made by Film Production Unit & Dept. of Agronomy. 5
    min., si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 7Oct70; MP21833.

  HANDLING MONEY. See

    [TELLER TRAINING]

  HANDY LESSONS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HANEY'S NEW IMAGE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HAPPENING THAT HAPPENED IN TEXAS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  HAPPY BIRTHDAY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR GASPAR. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE. Filmmakers Group, Red Lion Productions &
    Sourdough. Released by Columbia Pictures. 105 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Based upon the play by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.

    Credits: Producer, Lester M. Goldsmith; director, Mark Robson;
      screenplay, Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.; director of photography, Fred
      Koenekamp; film editor, Dorothy Spencer.

    Cast: Rod Steiger, Susannah York, George Grizzard, Don Murray,
      William Hickey.

    © Wanda June Co. & Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 9Dec71;
      LP40314.

  HARDWARE STRUCTURES. Lesson 230. Edutronics Systems International. 6
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics Systems
    International, Inc.; 27May71; MP21904.

  HAROLD AND MAUDE. Mildred Lewis & Colin Higgins Productions. Released
    by Paramount Pictures Corp. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Executive producer, Mildred Lewis; producers, Colin Higgins
      & Charles B. Mulvehill; director, Hal Ashby; writer, Colin
      Higgins; music, Cat Stevens; director of photography, John A.
      Alonzo; film editor, William A. Sawyer.

    Cast: Ruth Gordon, Bud Cort, Vivian Pickles, Cyril Cusack, Charles
      Tyner.

    © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Mildred Lewis & Colin Higgins
      Productions, Inc.; 13Dec71; LP40312.

  THE HARRIERS. Cinema Dept. & Dept. of Health & Physical Education of
    Humboldt State College. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writers, Dean Munroe & David Phillips.

    © David A. Phillips & Dean Munroe; 30Jun70 (in notice: 1969);
      MP21781.

  HAWAII CALLING. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HAWAII FIVE-O. Leonard Freeman Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    All the king's horses. Credits: Writer, William Robert Yates. ©
      19Nov69; LP39692.

    And a time to die. Credits: Writer, Ken Pettus. © 9Sep70; LP39987.

    Beautiful screamer. Credits: Writer, Stephen Kandel. © 25Nov70;
      LP39999.

    The big kahuna. Credits: Teleplay, Gil Ralston & Norman Hudis;
      story, Leonard Freeman. © 12Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP39465.

    Blind tiger. Credits: Teleplay, Jerome Coopersmith; story, William
      Yates & Jerome Coopersmith. © 24Dec69; LP39697.

    The bomber & Mrs. Moroney. Credits: Writers, Eric Bercovici & Jerry
      Ludwig. © 16Feb71; LP39984.

    Bored, she hung herself. Credits: Writer, Mel Goldberg. © 31Dec69;
      LP39698.

    A bullet for McGarret. Credits: Teleplay, Anthony Lawrence; story,
      Jerome Coopersmith & Anthony Lawrence. © 22Oct69; LP39688.

    By the numbers. Credits: Writer, Mark Rodgers. © 5Dec68; LP39468.

    Cry, lie. Credits: Writer, Preston Wood. © 28Jan70; LP39677.

    Dear enemy. Credits: Writer, Jackson Gillis. © 10Feb71; LP39983.

    Devil and Mr. Frog. Credits: Teleplay, Robert C. Dennis; story,
      Robert Lewin & Robert C. Dennis. © 3Dec69; LP39694.

    The double wall. Credits: Writers, Jerry Ludwig & Eric Bercovici. ©
      9Dec70; LP40000.

    F.o.b. Honolulu, pt. 1. Credits: Writers, Jerry Ludwig & Eric
      Bercovici. © 20Jan71; LP39980.

    F.o.b. Honolulu, pt. 2. Credits: Writers, Jerry Ludwig & Eric
      Bercovici. © 27Jan71; LP39981.

    Force of waves. Credits: Teleplay, Mark Rodgers & Eric Bercovici. ©
      21Oct70; LP39997.

    Forty feet high and it kills. Credits: Writer, Robert C. Dennis. ©
      1Oct69; LP39686.

    The Guarnerius caper. Credits: Writer, Ken Pettus. © 7Oct70;
      LP39989.

    The gunrunner. Credits: Writers, James D. Buchanan & Ronald Austin.
      © 3Feb71; LP39982.

    The joker's wild, man wild. Credits: Writer, Jack Turley. © 10Dec69;
      LP39695.

    Killer bee. Credits: Writer, Anthony Lawrence. © 14Jan70 (in notice:
      1969); LP39682.

    King Kamehameha blues. Credits: Writer, Robert Hamner. © 4Nov69;
      LP39690.

    King of the hill. Credits: Story, Leonard Freeman; teleplay, John D.
      F. Black. © 1Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP39464.

    Kiss the queen goodbye. Credits: Writer, Jack Turley. © 4Mar70;
      LP39680.

    The last Eden. Credits: Writers, Jerry Ludwig & Eric Bercovici. ©
      11Nov70; LP39994.

    The late John Louisiana. Credits: Story, Lionel E. Siegel, Jerry
      Ludwig & Eric Bercovici. © 4Nov70; LP39995.

    Leopard on the rock. Credits: Writer, Palmer Thompson. © 26Nov69;
      LP39693.

    Most likely to murder. Credits: Writer, Robert Hamner. © 4Feb70;
      LP39678.

    Nightmare road. Credits: Writer, Jack Turley. © 11Feb70; LP39679.

    Nine, ten, you're dead. Credits: Writer, Mel Goldberg. © 23Nov71;
      LP40124.

    One day we shall be strangers in our own land. Credits: Story, John
      Kneubuhl; teleplay, John Kneubuhl & Herman Groves. © 26Sep68;
      LP39466.

    The one with the gun. Credits: Writer, Robert C. Dennis. © 21Jan70
      (in notice: 1969); LP39683.

    Over fifty? Steal. Credits: Writer, E. Arthur Kean. © 18Nov70;
      LP39993.

    Paniolo. Credits: Writer, Ed Adamson. © 23Dec70; LP40001.

    The payoff. Credits: Writer, Ken Pettus. © 2Dec70; LP39998.

    The ransom. Credits: Writers, Eric Bercovici & Jerry Ludwig. ©
      14Oct70; LP39988.

    Reunion. Credits: Writer, Paul Playdon. © 28Oct70; LP39996.

    Run, Johnny, run. Credits: Writer, Mel Goldberg. © 7Jan70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP39681.

    Savage Sunday. Credits: Writer, Palmer Thompson. © 15Oct69; LP39687.

    The second shot. Credits: Writer, Eric Bercovici. © 23Sep70;
      LP39991.

    The Singapore file. Credits: Writer, Robert C. Dennis. © 12Nov69;
      LP39691.

    Sweet terror. Credits: Writer, Robert C. Dennis. © 29Oct69; LP39689.

    Ten thousand diamonds and a heart. Credits: Writer, E. Arthur Kean.
      © 1Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP39985.

    A thousand pardons--you're dead. Credits: Teleplay, Mel Goldberg;
      story, Paul Harber. © 17Sep69; LP39684.

    Tiger by the tail. Credits: Writer, Sy Salkowitz. © 3Oct68; LP39467.

    Time and memories. Credits: Writer, Jerry Ludwig. © 1Oct70; LP39990.

    To hell with Babe Ruth. Credits: Writer, Anthony Lawrence. ©
      24Sep69; LP39685.

    To kill or be killed. Credits: Writer, Anthony Lawrence. © 6Jan71
      (in notice: 1970); LP39986.

    Trouble in mind. Credits: Writers, Mel Goldberg & Sasha Gillien. ©
      16Sep70; LP39992.

    Which way did they go? Credits: Writer, Meyer Dolinsky. © 17Dec69;
      LP39696.

  HAWAII: VOLCANOES FROM THE SEA. See

    VOLCANOES.

  HAWAIIAN HONEYMOON. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HE DIED WITH HIS BOOTS OFF, THAT'S WHY HE STUBBED HIS TOE WHEN HE
    KICKED THE BUCKET. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  HE LOVES US, HE LOVES US NOT. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HE WANTED TO BE A SQUARE SHOOTER BUT HE FOUND THAT HIS BARREL WAS
    ROUND. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  HEALTH SCIENCE, HE 1-13. See

    TEACHING CHILDREN TO BE LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS.

  HELEN KELLER AND HER TEACHER. Project 7 Productions. 27 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in association with McGraw-Hill. Appl.
    author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. Appl. states prev. pub. 19Aug69,
    MP19781. NM: revisions & additions. © Project 7 Productions &
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Sep70 (in notice: 1969); MP21679.

  HELP. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions & Boondock Films.
    1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on active learning)
    © Macmillan Co.; 4Jan71; MP21842.

  HELP FOR AMY. Brigham Young University, Motion Picture Dept. 25 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 10Jun71; LP39327.

  HELPFUL MEDICINES. See

    DRUGS AND YOU.

  HER INDUSTRIES. See

    ALASKA.

  HERBERT'S BABIES. Macmillan Co. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: James Robertson. © Macmillan Co.; 4Jan71; MP21839.

  HERE COMES ANDY. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  HERE COMES THE GROOM. See

    NANCY. No. 8.

  HERE IS MY LIFE (How God calls to a missionary vocation) (Filmstrip)
    Home Mission Board. Made by Broadman Films. 67 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 2Aug71; A267743.

  LA HERENCIA ESPANOLA. See

    EL MEXICO HISPANICO.

  HERITAGE OF SERVICE (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 110 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America (in notice: Audiovisual Service, Boy
    Scouts of America); 30Jun71; JP13418.

  HEROES ARE BORN. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  HE'S YOUR DOG, CHARLIE BROWN. Lee Mendelson Film Productions & Bill
    Melendez Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with United Feature Syndicate. © United Feature
    Syndicate, Inc.; 14Feb68; LP39328.

  HEY, HOW ABOUT RIGHT NOW? Armco Steel Corp. Made by Henry Strauss
    Associates. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Armco Steel Corp.;
    18May70; MP21742.

  HEY LOOK ME OVER. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HICKORY DICKORY DOCK. See

    GARDEN OF DELIGHTS FOR KIDS.

  HIGGINS COME HOME. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE HIGH CHAPARRAL. Xanadu Productions. Approx. 49 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in association with NBC Productions. © Xanadu
    Productions, Inc.

    An anger greater than mine. © 27Aug70; LP39910.

    The badge. © 6Nov70; LP39919.

    Fiesta. © 13Nov70; LP39920.

    Forge of hate. © 26Oct70; LP39918.

    A good, sound profit. © 20Oct70; LP39917.

    The hostage. © 4Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP39924.

    It takes a smart man. © 22Sep70; LP39913.

    A man to match the land. © 28Sep70; LP39914.

    A matter of survival. © 16Sep70; LP39912.

    A matter of vengeance. © 13Nov70; LP39921.

    The new lion of Sonora. 100 min. © 23Dec70; LP39923.

    Only the bad come to Sonora. © 18Aug70; LP39909.

    The pale warrior. © 3Dec70; LP39922.

    Sangre. © 8Oct70; LP39915.

    Spokes. © 18Aug70; LP39908.

    Too late the epitaph. © 9Oct70; LP39916.

    Wind. © 28Aug70; LP39911.

  HIGH COST OF LOVING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources Development
    Center. Distributed by Society for Visual Education. 4 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products)

    Contents: T382-1--T382-4: Pyramids of Egypt. 35 fr.--The history of
      transportation. 36 fr.--The history of flight. 39 fr.--The printed
      word. 33 fr.

    © Teaching Resources Development Center, div. The Communicators;
      31Mar71 (in notice: 1970); JP13556.

  HIS HIGHNESS THE DOG. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HIS HONOR. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  HISTORIA, FUSION DE CULTURAS. See

    ESPANA.

  HISTORIA Y DESARROLLO. See

    EL MEXICO MODERNO.

  HISTORICAL FICTION. See

    LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

  HISTORY ALIVE SERIES. See

    DEMOCRACY - EQUALITY OR PRIVILEGE.

    IMPEACHMENT OF A PRESIDENT.

    THE RIGHT OF DISSENT.

    THE RIGHT OF PETITION.

    STATES RIGHTS.

  HISTORY OF FLIGHT. See

    HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY.

  HISTORY OF MAN. See

    THE AGRICULTURAL REVOLUTION: MAN AS FOOD PRODUCER.

    DESPITE MAN'S DIFFERENCES.

    EUROPEAN EXPANSION: ITS INFLUENCE ON MAN.

    HOW MAN ADAPTS TO HIS PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT.

    HOW MAN DISCOVERS HIS PAST.

    MAN AND THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.

    MAN AND THE RISE OF CIVILIZATION.

    MAN AND THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.

    MAN AS HUNTER AND FOOD GATHERER.

  HISTORY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. Pt. 1-2. Atlantis Productions. 2
    motion pictures, sd., color, 16 mm.

    Contents: From prehistoric times to the founding of Los Angeles. 16
      min.--The rise and fall of the Spanish and Mexican influence. 18
      min.

    Appl. author: J. Michael Hagopian.

    © Atlantis Productions., Inc.; 11Nov66; MP21762-21763.

  HISTORY OF TRANSPORTATION. See

    HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY.

  HOE DOWN A GO GO. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  HOLE IN THE PORCH. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HOLOGRAPHIC OPTICAL MEMORY. Bell Telephone Laboratories. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc.; 15Sep70; MP21946.

  HOME IS WHERE YOU RUN AWAY FROM. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  A HOME ISN'T BUILT IN A DAY. See

    GREEN ACRES,

  HONDO. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented in association with Batjac Productions &
    Fenady Associates. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

    Hondo and the Apache trail. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, William Froug. © 31Dec67; LP39236.

    Hondo and the gladiators. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, Turnley Walker. © 15Dec67; LP39234.

    Hondo and the rebel hat. Credits: Producer, Andrew J. Fenady;
      writer, Max Hodge. © 29Dec67; LP39235.

  THE HONEYMOON. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  HONEYMOON FOR TWELVE. See

    NANCY. No. 9.

  THE HONEYMOON IS OVER. See

    MY THREE SONS.

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HONKY. Jack H. Harris Enterprises. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. A Getty-Fromkess & Stonehenge production. From the novel
    by Gunard Solberg.

    Cast: Brenda Sykes, John Neilson, William Marshall, Amentha Dymally,
      John Lasell.

    © Getty & Fromkess Pictures Corp.; 20May71; LP39940.

  HOOTERVILLE.

    For titles beginning with Hooterville See:

    GREEN ACRES.

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HOPIS: GUARDIANS OF THE LAND. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by
    Trend Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: Hopi: Guardian
    of the land. © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Oct71; MP22057.

  HORSE ON YOU, MR. BEDLOE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HORSE? WHAT HORSE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE HORSEMEN. John Frankenheimer Productions & Edward Lewis
    Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures Industries. 120 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based upon the novel by Joseph
    Kessell. Produced with the cooperation of Afghan Films.

    Credits: Producer, Edward Lewis; director, John Frankenheimer;
      screenplay, Dalton Trumbo; music composer & conductor, Georges
      Delerue; director of photography, Claude Renoir; editor, Harold F.
      Kress.

    Cast: Omar Sharif, Leigh Taylor-Young, Jack Palance, Peter Jeffrey,
      Srinanda De.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Jun71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP39193.

  HOSTAGE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  HOT CREEK RANCH, CALIFORNIA. Gregory Peters. 22 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (The compleat angler) © Gregory Peters; 17Nov71; MU8380.

  HOT DOG. Lee Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions. Approx. 28
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Lee Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint
    Film Productions.

    Series no.

    11. Baseball gloves. Cast: Woody Allen, Jonathan Winters, Jo Anne
      Worley, Bernie Gunther. © 28Nov70; MP21748.

  HOT ROD TRUCK. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  HOT SPELL. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  HOT, WARM, COLD. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions &
    Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on
    active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 1Feb71: MP21841.

  HOUSE DIVIDED. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HOUSE IS NOT A ZOO. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  HOUSE PARTY. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

    THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON.

  THE HOUSEKEEPER. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  HOUSTON, TEXAS. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 8.

  HOW ARE LEADERS ELECTED. See

    CITY GOVERNMENT.

  HOW BUGGED WAS MY VALLEY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  HOW DO THEY MOVE? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 6 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 2Aug71; MP22031.

  HOW DO YOU DECIDE? (Filmstrip) Educational Research Council of
    America. Made by Multimedia Development Center. 2 filmstrips in 1
    roll, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Finders keepers. 36 fr.--No one around. 35 fr.

    Credits: Writer, Alex Campbell.

    © Educational Research Council of America; 28Dec71; JP13565.

  HOW DO YOU DECIDE? (Filmstrip) Educational Research Council of
    America. Made by Multimedia Development Center. 2 filmstrips in 1
    roll, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Not enough. 35 fr.--The test. 29 fr.

    Credits: Writer, Alex Campbell.

    © Educational Research Council of America; 28Dec71; JP13563.

  HOW DO YOU DECIDE? Overheard (Filmstrip) Educational Research Council
    of America. Made by Multimedia Development Center. 35 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Writer, Alex Campbell.

    © Educational Research Council of America; 28Dec71; JP13564.

  HOW DO YOU FEEL? FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films.
    10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Aug71; MP21996.

  HOW DOES IT WORK? See

    CITY GOVERNMENT.

    SPEAKING OF LANGUAGE.

  HOW DOES THE CITY PROTECT PEOPLE? See

    CITY GOVERNMENT.

  HOW DOES THE CITY SERVE PEOPLE? See

    CITY GOVERNMENT.

  HOW ELECTRICITY WORKS (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman Productions. 96 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Your partnership with power)

    Appl. author: Fran Harris Tuchman.

    © Harris-Tuchman Production[s], Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13433.

  HOW GOD CALLS TO A MISSIONARY VOCATION. See

    HERE IS MY LIFE.

  HOW HOOTERVILLE WAS FLOUNDERED. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HOW MAN ADAPTS TO HIS PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by
    American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc.: McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70; MP21701.

  HOW MAN DISCOVERS HIS PAST. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by American
    Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.: 3Nov70; MP21702.

  HOW MUCH TIME. Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd., color, 16
    mm. (Decisions: A school health education program) © Macmillan
    Educational Services, Inc.; 7Dec70; MP21955.

  HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 30
    min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Chuck Jones & Ted Geisel; narrator, Boris
      Karloff.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 17Dec67 (in notice: 1966); LP39856.

  HOW TO ADVANCE YOUR HUSBAND'S CAREER. See

    ASK YOURSELF.

    THE PARTNERSHIP.

  HOW TO BE A SPANISH GRANDMOTHER. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  HOW TO BE A TOOTH-KEEPER. Educational Communications Co. Made by
    Piccadilly Films International Co. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Piccadilly Films International Co., Ltd.; 23Sep71; MP22070.

  HOW TO BECOME FINANCIALLY INDEPENDENT (Filmstrip) Institute of
    Motivation Research. 91 fr., color, 35 mm. © Institute of Motivation
    Research, Inc.; 2Jun71; JP13244.

  HOW TO CUT THE WOMAN CUSTOMER'S SHOPPING TRIP SHORT (Filmstrip)
    Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    54 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 21Oct71; JP13463.

  HOW TO ENLARGE A BEDROOM. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HOW TO FLY A SPACESHIP TO THE MOON. See

    MAN, MOON, AND UNIVERSE.

  HOW TO GET FROM HOOTERVILLE TO PIXLEY WITHOUT MOVING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HOW TO JUDGE FACTS. See

    CRITICAL THINKING: MAKING SURE OF FACTS.

  HOW TO KILL. Para Communications Group. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Walter Goodman, music, Hal McKusick; writer,
      Keith Douglas; illustrator, Andrew Parker.

    © Para Communications Group; 26Apr71; LP39510.

  HOW TO MAKE A QUICKIE FILMSTRIP (Filmstrip) Calvin Stewart & Ferris
    Johnsen. 32 fr., color and b&w, 35 mm. © Ferris M. Johnsen & Calvin
    B. Stewart; 27Aug71; JU12933.

  HOW TO ROB A MILLIONAIRE. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  HOW TO SEE SOUTH AMERICA BY BUS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HOW TO SUCCEED ON TV WITHOUT REALLY TRYING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HOW TO USE A PORTABLE TACH-DWELL METER (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions.
    43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, AT M52-A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13496.

  HUBCAP CAPER. See

    THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON.

  HUMANITIES: THE RENAISSANCE IN FLORENCE (Filmstrip) Guidance
    Associates of Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt
    Brace Jovanovich. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Discussion guide,
    76 p.

    Contents: Introduction. 38 fr.--Pt. 1. 89 fr.--Pt. 2. 77
      fr.--Discussion and review. 52 fr.

    Credits: Writer, John Carman; editor, Peter J. Ketchum;
      photographer, William Hubbel.

    Appl. authors: John Carman & Guidance Associates of Pleasantville,
      New York, employer for hire of Frederick Moore.

    © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 3Dec71; A288742.

  HUNGARIAN CURSE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE HUNTER. Communico. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    15Jun71; MP21774.

  THE HUNTING PARTY. Brighton Pictures. Released by United Artists Corp.
    108 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Lou Morheim; director, Don Medford; story,
      Gilbert Alexander & Lou Morheim; screenplay, William Norton,
      Gilbert Alexander & Lou Morheim; music, Riz Ortolani; director of
      photography, Cecilio Paniagua; film editor, Tom Rolf.

    Cast: Oliver Reed, Candice Bergen, Gene Hackman, Simon Oakland,
      Mitchell Ryan.

    © Brighton Pictures, Inc.; 26May71; LP39488.

  HUSBAND FOR ELEANOR. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  HUSH LITTLE BABY. See

    GARDEN OF DELIGHTS FOR KIDS.


                                   I

  I AIN'T GOT NO BODY. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 120.

  I AM A MIME. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Cast: Antonine Hodak.

    © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Aug71; MP21994.

  I AM THIRD. See

    BRIAN'S SONG.

  I DIDN'T RAISE MY HUSBAND TO BE A FIREMAN. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  I DIDN'T RAISE MY PIG TO BECOME A SOLDIER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  I LOVE A MYSTERY. Universal Television. [Australia] Released by
    MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the radio series by
    Carlton E. Morse. Produced with the NBC-TV Network.

    Cast: Les Crane, David Hartman, Hagan Beggs, George Neise, Jack
      Weston.

    © Universal Television, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc,;
      31Dec67; LP39900.

  I WILL. John Starkweather. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Produced, shot & edited by John Starkweather; music,
      Quicksilver Messenger Service.

    © John Starkweather; 12Aug71; MU8379.

  ICICLE BUILT FOR TWO. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  I'D RATHER NOT SAY! Roundtable Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 15Jun71; LP39672.

  IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  IF I WAS SURE I COULD MANAGE. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Interpersonal relationships in nursing,
    unit 1: making a sensitive response) © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Apr71 (in
    notice: 1970); MP21693.

  IF MARRIAGES ARE MADE IN HEAVEN, WHY DO THEY CALL IT HEAVEN. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  IF YOU WANT TO FLY, KEEP YOUR CORNETTE DRY. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  IGNITION SCOPE SECONDARY WAVE FORM (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 34
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, AT M-55A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13494.

  IGNITION SYSTEMS FOR '72 (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
    Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
    session no. 72-3) © Chrysler Corp.; 30Dec71; JP13518.

  I'LL TRADE YOU AN ELK. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  I'M SORRY I'M SUCH A BOTHER. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Interpersonal relationships in nursing,
    unit 1: Making a sensitive response) © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Apr71 (in
    notice: 1970); MP21689.

  IMMIGRANTS IN AMERICAN LIFE. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  IMPEACHMENT OF A PRESIDENT. TW Productions. Distributed by Walt Disney
    Educational Materials Co. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History alive
    series)

    Credits: Producer & writer, Turnley Walker.

    Cast: Phillip Pine, Leif Erickson. Appl. author: Turnley Walker
      d.b.a. TW Productions, employer for hire.

    © Walt Disney Educational Materials Co.; 10Nov70; LP39500.

  IMPROVING YOUR POSTURE. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Edwin F. Beyer.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Mar71;
      MP21802.

  IN THE LAND OF THE DESERT WHALES. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  IN THE WAKE OF THE REVOLUTION. See

    PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950'S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.

  THE INCIDENT OF NOVEMBER 20TH. Peter L. Klinge. 110 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. © Peter L. Klinge; 27Oct71; LU3614.

  INDIAN LAND. McCoy Associates. 22 min., sd., color.

    Credits: Producer & director, H. McCoy.

    © Herbert H. McCoy, Jr. d.b.a. McCoy Associates; 1Nov71; MU8378.

  THE INDIANS ARE COMING. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  INDIVIDUALIZING INSTRUCTION IN MATHEMATICS: A MINICOURSE. See

    INSTRUCTIONAL 1-4.

    INTRODUCTION.

    MODEL 1-4.

  INDIVIDUALIZING INSTRUCTION IN MATHEMATICS, A MINICOURSE: OVERVIEW.
    Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development. Made by
    Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Far
    West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development; 3May71;
    MP22011.

  INFERRING. See

    EXPERIMENTING.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS. Pt. 1: Lesson 611. Edutronics Systems
    International. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 10Dec70; MP21900.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS. Pt. 2: Lesson 612. Edutronics Systems
    International. 8 min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 20Dec70; MP21964.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS. Pt. 3: Lesson 613. Edutronics Systems
    International. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 15Jun71 (in notice: 1970);
    MP21893.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS ANALYSIS. Lesson 624. Edutronics Systems
    International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 10Dec70; MP21910.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS DESIGN. Lesson 625. Edutronics Systems
    International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 10Dec70; MP21911.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS EVALUATION. Lesson 627. Edutronics Systems
    International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 13May71; MP21906.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS IMPLEMENTATION. Lesson 626. Edutronics Systems
    International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 29Apr71: MP21907.

  INFORMATION SYSTEMS PLANNING. Lesson 623. Edutronics Systems
    International. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 15Sep70: MP21908.

  THE INNOVATIVE ORGANIZATION. BNA Films. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    BNA, Inc.; 7Jul71; MP21810.

  INSTANT CO-WORKER. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  INSTANT FAMILY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  INSTRUCTIONAL 1. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a
    minicourse) Appl. states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West
    Laboratory for Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22003.

  INSTRUCTIONAL 2. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a
    minicourse) Appl. states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West
    Laboratory for Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22005.

  INSTRUCTIONAL 3. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a
    minicourse) Appl. states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West
    Laboratory for Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22007.

  INSTRUCTIONAL 4. Far West Laboratory for Educational. Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a
    minicourse) Appl. states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West
    Laboratory for Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22009.

  INSTRUCTIONAL LESSON 1. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning: Elementary level)
    © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development;
    4May70; MP21824.

  INSTRUCTIONAL LESSON 2. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning: Elementary level)
    © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development;
    4May70; MP21826.

  INSTRUCTIONAL LESSON 3. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning: Elementary level)
    © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development;
    4May70; MP21828.

  INSTRUCTIONAL LESSON 4. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning: Elementary level)
    © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development;
    4May70; MP21830.

  INSTRUCTIONAL PRACTICE LESSON. Far West Laboratory for Educational
    Research & Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning:
    Elementary level) © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development; 4May70; MP21822.

  THE INSTRUCTIONAL PROCESS IN VOCATIONAL EDUCATION (Filmstrip) Bureau
    of Industrial Education, California State Dept. of Education with
    Division of Vocational Ed., University of Calif., Los Angeles. 20
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. In cooperation with Mt. San Jacinto
    College. Appl. authors: David Allen, Bruce J. Hahn & Richard L.
    Lano. © Regents of the University of California (in notice: Board of
    Regents, University of California); 2Feb70 (in notice: 1969);
    JP13553.

  INSTRUCTIONAL PROGRAM FOR SUCCESSFUL SELLING, PT. 1. See

    PROSPECTING & WARM-UP.

  INSTRUCTIONAL PROGRAM FOR SUCCESSFUL SELLING, PT. 3. See

    ANSWERS TO OBJECTIONS & CLOSE.

  INSULATION COVERING HOT PIPING. Marshall Maintenance. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 16Aug71; MP21867.

  INTERNATIONAL SHOWCASE. United States Olympic Committee. Made by
    Milton Stark Productions. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Milton Stark. © United States Olympic Committee; 25Mar71; MP21660.

  INTERNED. Harry A. Levy. 91 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Harry A. Levy;
    24Jun71; MU8336.

  INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS IN NURSING, UNIT I: MAKING A SENSITIVE
    RESPONSE. See

    BUT I'D RATHER WEAR MY OWN PAJAMAS.

    DO YOU KNOW DR. JONES.

    IF I WAS SURE I COULD MANAGE.

    I'M SORRY I'M SUCH A BOTHER.

    THEY DON'T HEAR WHAT I SAY.

  INTERVIEWS WITH MY LAI VETERANS. Laser Film Corp. Released by New
    Yorker Films. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director, Joseph Strick; interviewer, Richard Hammer.

    © Laser Film Corp.; 17Dec70; MP21787.

  INTRAVENOUS THERAPY FOR THE PREMATURE INFANT. McGraw-Hill. 5 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (The Normal premature infant) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21699.

  INTRODUCTION. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a
    minicourse) Appl. states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West
    Laboratory for Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22002.

  INTRODUCTION. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning: Elementary level)
    © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development;
    4May70; MP21821.

  INTRODUCTION. See

    ALASKA.

    LES ANTILLES FRANCAISES.

    DRAFTING.

    THE FRENCH WEST INDIES.

  INTRODUCTION TO ELECTRICITY. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Sam Adams.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Jan71;
      MP21800.

  INTRODUCTION TO LEGAL ASPECTS OF HOSPITAL WORK (Filmstrip) MSJC
    Productions. 63 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Planners & writers, Carol Mangold & Bettie Rich; graphics,
      Sandy Gray.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13499.

  INTRODUCTION TO SETS. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  INTRODUCTION TO THE THEORY OF CRYSTAL GROWTH. McGraw-Hill Films. 13
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 2Sep71 (in notice: 1968); MP21997.

  AN INTRODUCTION TO THE USE OF GLOBE, MAP AND ATLAS (Filmstrip) Library
    Filmstrip Center. 51 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Violet
    Priestley. © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center;
    11Jan71; JP13278.

  INVERTED FILE RETRIEVAL. Lesson 546. Edutronics Systems International.
    8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics, Inc. whose
    full corporate name is Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
    24Jun69; MP21972.

  INVERTED FILE INDEXING. Lesson 545. Edutronics Systems International.
    5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics, Inc., whose
    full corporate name is Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
    24Jun69; MP21971.

  INVESTIGATION OF A CITIZEN ABOVE SUSPICION. Columbia Pictures
    Industries. [Italy] 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Vera film
    production.

    Credits: Director, Elio Petri; screenplay, Elio Petri & V. Pirro;
      music, Ennio Morricone; director of photography, Luigi Kuveiller;
      editor, Ruggero Mastroianni.

    Cast: Gian Maria Volonte, Florinda Bolkan, Gianni Santuccio, Orazio
      Orlando, Sergio Tramonti.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1May70; LP40010.

  INVISIBLE MR. DOBBLE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  INVOLUNTARY CONTROL. John Wiley & Sons. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Chapel Hill production.

    Cast: Neal Miller.

    © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 28Oct71; MP22078.

  IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Harbour-UTV.

    Alias Mr. Braithwaite. Credits: Producer, Doug Benton; director, Don
      Weis; writer, Frank Telford. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don Mitchell, Don
      Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Beah Richards. © 15Sep69; LP39298.

    Beyond a shadow. Credits: Producer, Albert Aley; director, Richard
      Benedict; writer, Martha Wilkerson. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don
      Mitchell, Don Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Dana Wynter. © 8Dec69;
      LP39309.

    A bullet for Mark. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin; director,
      Richard Benedict; writer, Richard Bluel. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don
      Galloway, Don Mitchell, Barbara Anderson, Robert Alda. © 13Oct69;
      LP39302.

    Eye of the hurricane. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
      Don McDougall; writers, Don Mullally, Winston Miller, Albert Aley.
      Cast: Raymond Burr, Don Mitchell, Don Galloway, Barbara Anderson,
      Jackie Coogan, Jr. © 6Oct69; LP39301.

    Five miles high. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Don
      Weis; writers, Margaret & Paul Schneider. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don
      Mitchell, Don Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Frank Aletter. ©
      24Nov69; LP39307.

    Goodbye to yesterday. Credits: Producer, Doug Benton; director,
      Barry Shear; writer, Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don
      Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Don Mitchell, Vera Miles. © 22Sep69;
      LP39299.

    L'Chayim. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin; director, Tony Leader.
      Cast: Raymond Burr, David Opatoshu, Barbara Anderson, Don
      Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 1Dec69; LP39308.

    Little dog, gone. Credits: Director, Don Weis; writers, Frank
      Telford, Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Marsha Hunt, Leo G.
      Carroll, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway. © 30Mar70; LP39287.

    Little Jerry Jessup. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director,
      Don Weis; writer, Sy Salkowitz. Cast: William Shatner, Mitch
      Vogel, Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway. © 9Mar70;
      LP39286.

    Love my enemy. Credits: Producer, Doug Benton; director, Don Weis;
      writer, Irve Tunick. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don Galloway, Don
      Mitchell, Barbara Anderson, Jeffrey Lynn. © 20Oct69; LP39303.

    The machismo bag. Credits: Producer, Doug Benton; director, Don
      Weis; writer, William Douglas Lansford. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don
      Galloway, Don Mitchell, Barbara Anderson. © 10Nov69; LP39305.

    Poole's paradise. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin; director, Abner
      Biberman; writer, Richard Shapiro. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don
      Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Don Mitchell, Steve Forrest. ©
      29Sep69; LP39300.

    Programmed for danger. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
      John Flores; writer, True Boardman. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don
      Mitchell, Don Galloway, Barbara Anderson, Roger Terry. © 17Nov69;
      LP39306.

    Seeing is believing. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
      Barry Shear; writers, Don Galloway & Charles Nicols. Cast: Raymond
      Burr, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Barbara Anderson, Norman Fell. ©
      27Oct69; LP39304.

    Stolen on demand. Credits: Producer, Doug Benton; director, Bill
      Foster; writers, Arthur Weingarten & Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond
      Burr, Don Mitchell, Don Galloway, Barbara Anderson, David Cassidy.
      © 22Dec69; LP39310.

  IS IT LOVE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  IS THERE A DOCTOR IN THE VALLEY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  IS THIS ANYWAY TO RUN AN AIRLINE. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  IS THIS MY DAUGHTER. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  IS WHISTLING A NOISE? Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Communico, Inc.; 1Nov70; MP21667.

  ISLAND OF THE THREE PALMS. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  IT CAN'T BE FIVE YEARS. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  IT IS BETTER TO HAVE LOVED AND LOST--MUCH BETTER. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  IT TAKES A SMART MAN. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  IT TAKES A THIEF. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV.
    Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios,
    Inc.

    The beautiful people. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen A. Larson;
      director, Jeannot Szwarc. Cast: Robert Wagner, Terry Gar, Joan Van
      Dreelen. © 7Oct69; LP39313.

    The blue, blue Danube. Credits: Producer, Mort Zarcoff; writer,
      Oscar Brodney. Cast: Robert Wagner, Liliane Montevecchi, Martine
      Beswick, John Russell. © 28Oct69; LP39316.

    Flowers from Alexander. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen A. Larson;
      director, Bruce Kessler. Cast: Robert Wagner, Senta Berger, Nigel
      Patrick, Tony Young, Venantino Venantini. © 21Oct69; LP39315.

    A friend in deed. Credits: Producer, Glen A. Larson; director, Bruce
      Kessler; writer, B. W. Sandefur. Cast: Robert Wagner, Henry Silva,
      Frankie Avalon, Thomas Gomez, John Russell. © 25Nov69; LP39320.

    The great casino caper. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen A. Larson;
      director, Jack Arnold. Cast: Robert Wagner, Fred Astaire, Edward
      Binns, Adolfo Celi, Francesco Mule. © 14Oct69; LP39314.

    The king of thieves. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen A. Larson;
      director, Bruce Kessler. Cast: Robert Wagner, Martha Hyer, Edward
      Binns, Lionel Stander, Lex Barker. © 18Nov69; LP39319.

    Nice girls marry stockbrokers. Credits: Director, Barry Shear;
      writers, Elroy Schwartz, Murray Roman, Oscar Brodney, Norman
      Hudis. Cast: Robert Wagner, Michele Carey, Geoffrey Holder, George
      Murdock, Paul Stewart. © 12Jan70; LP39288.

    The old who came in from the spy. Credits: Director, Gerd Oswald;
      writer, Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Robert Wagner, Elsa Lanchester, Edward
      Binns, Francis Lederer, Richard Haydn. © 9Dec69; LP39321.

    Payoff in the piazza. Credits: Producer, Jack Arnold; director, Gerd
      Oswald; writer, Oscar Brodney. Cast: Robert Wagner, David
      Opatoshu, Rudy Solari, Carla Borelli, Susan Saint James. ©
      11Nov69; LP39318.

    Saturday night in Venice. Credits: Executive producer & director,
      Jack Arnold; writer, Stephen Kandel. Cast: Robert Wagner, Fred
      Astaire, Delia Boccardo, John Russell, Severen Darden. © 23Sep69;
      LP39311.

    The scorpio drop. Credits: Director, Robert Gist; writer, William
      Bast. Cast: Robert Wagner, Gale Sondergaard, Eduard Franz, Brenda
      Benet, Sandy Brown Wyeth. © 23Dec69; LP39324.

    The second time around. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen A. Larson;
      director, Gerd Oswald. Cast: Robert Wagner, Fred Astaire, Adolfo
      Celi, Edward Binns, Alice Ghostley. © 12Dec69; LP39322.

    The three virgins of Rome. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen A.
      Larson; director, Jack Arnold. Cast: Robert Wagner, Fred Astaire,
      Edmund Purdom, Karin Dor, Victor Buono. © 4Nov69; LP39317.

    To lure a man. Credits: Director, Barry Shear; writer, Sy Salkowitz.
      Cast: Robert Wagner, George Murdock, Peter Brocco, Elizabeth St.
      Claire, Lora Kaye. © 16Dec69; LP39323.

    Who'll bid two million dollars? Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc.
      Cast: Robert Wagner, Peter Sellers, Edward Binns, Paola Pitagora,
      Jacques Herlin. © 30Sep69; LP39312.

  IT TAKES A THIEF. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. Approx.
    53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

    Beyond a treasonable doubt. Credits: Director, Barry Shear; writer,
      Norman Hudis. Cast: Robert Wagner, Cesar Romero, Joseph Cotten,
      Ahna Capri, George Murdoch. © 16Mar70; LP39296.

    An evening with Alister Mundy. Credits: Producer, Glen A. Larson;
      director, Jack Arnold; writer, Glen A. Larson. Cast: Fred Astaire,
      Robert Wagner, Edward Binns, Francesco Mule, Gavin MacLeod.
      9Mar70; LP39295.

    Fortune City. Credits: Director, Barry Shear; writer, Sy Salkowitz.
      Cast: Robert Wagner, Stefanie Powers, Broderick Crawford, Peter
      Bromilow, Timothy Carey. © 2Feb70; LP39291.

    Project X. Credits: Director, Jack Arnold; writer, Glen A. Larson.
      Cast: Wally Cox, Robert Wagner, John Colicos, Lloyd Bochner,
      Christina Sinatra. © 23Mar70; LP39297.

    Situation Red. Credits: Producer, Glen A. Larson; director, Joseph
      Sargent; writer, Glen A. Larson. Cast: Robert Wagner, Barry
      Sullivan, Earl Holliman, G. D. Spradlin, George Murdock. © 9Feb70;
      LP39292.

    The steal-driving man. Credits: Producer, director, writer, Glen A.
      Larson. Cast: Robert Wagner, Dick Smothers, Mario Andretti,
      Fernando Lamas, Felicia Farr. © 19Jan70; LP39289.

    The Suzie Simone caper. Credits: Director, Don Taylor; writers,
      William Bast, Oscar Brodney. Cast: Robert Wagner, Jane Morgan,
      Susan Saint James, Edward Binns, Murray Matheson. © 2Mar70;
      LP39294.

    To sing a song of murder. Cast: Marilyn McCoo, Robert Wagner, Joseph
      Cotten, Will Kuluva, Beah Richards. © 23Feb70; LP39293.

    Touch of magic. Credits: Director, Gerd Oswald; writer, Oscar
      Brodney. Cast: Bette Davis, Robert Wagner, Edward Binns, Maurice
      Marsac, Douglas Henderson. © 26Jan70; LP39290.

  IT WAS A SHORT SUMMER, CHARLIE BROWN. United Feature Syndicate. 1
    reel, sd., color, 35 mm. © United Feature, Inc. a.a.d.o. United
    Feature Syndicate, Inc.; 27Sep69; LP39335.

  IT'S A BAD DAY FOR MEETING PRESIDENTS. See

    NANCY. No. 4.

  IT'S A GOOD DAY FOR MEETING THE PRESIDENT'S DAUGHTER. See

    NANCY. No. 1.

  IT'S A DOG'S LIFE. See

    THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW.

  IT'S A WOMAN'S WORLD. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  IT'S AN ILL WIND. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  IT'S AN ILL WINDFALL. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  IT'S HUMAN TO BE HUMANE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  IT'S NOT EASY BEING A MOTHER. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  IT'S NOT THE PRINCIPLE, IT'S THE MONEY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  IT'S SO PEACEFUL IN THE COUNTRY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  IT'S TOUGH TO BE A BIRD. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.


                                   J

  J. P. DOUGLAS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  JAEKEL. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  JAMES SALTER. ETS Program Service. Made by KRMA-TV. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71;
    MP22081.

  JANIE SUE AND TUGALOO. Centron Educational Films. 10 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1May71; MP21783.

  JEALOUSY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  JEALOUSY, ENGLISH STYLE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  JED BUYS THE CAPITOL. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  JED IN POLITICS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  JED INHERITS A CASTLE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  JED JOINS THE BOARD. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  JETHRO/JETHRO'S.

    For titles beginning with Jethro or Jethro's See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES

  JENNY. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  JERRY MCNEELY. ETS Program Service. Made by WHA-TV. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71;
    MP22079.

  THE JEWISH WIFE. Film Play/Data Bureau & Strolling Players.
    Distributed by Doubleday MultiMedia. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Bertolt Brecht one-act play.

    Cast: Viveca Lindfors, Harris Yulin.

    © Film Play/Data Bureau, Inc. & Strolling Players, Inc.; 17May71;
      MP21749.

  JOB--A STUDY IN PROVIDENCE AND FAITH (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50
    fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 2Aug71;
    A267745.

  JOBS IN THE CITY: CONSTRUCTION. Centron Educational Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Jun71; MP21859.

  JOE CARSON, GENERAL CONTRACTOR. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  JOHN BEAN VISUALINER (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 39 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, E-2C)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Sheldon Abbott.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 1Dec71; JP13567.

  JOHNNY. Guidance Camps, Distributed by Wediko Films. 32 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author: Edward A. Mason. © Guidance Camps, Inc.;
    21Mar71; MP21738.

  JOHNNY FROM FORT APACHE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 28Jul71; MP21873.

  THE JOINERS. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  JOKER'S WILD, MAN WILD. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  JOSHUA IN A BOX. John Lange. Presented by Stephen Bosustow
    Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Lange; 16Aug70;
    LP39670.

  A JOURNEY THRU DRUG ABUSE (Filmstrip) Linda Lamb. 102 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Creator & producer, Linda Lamb; art designers, R. Dexter,
      Emily Erman.

    © Linda Lamb; 7Jun71; JP13329.

  THE JUBILEE RAID BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 7.

  JUDY.

    For titles beginning with Judy See

    DAKTARI.

  JUNGLE HEARTBEAT. See

    DAKTARI.

  JUNIOR IS JUST A LITTLE DICKENS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  JUNKDUMP. Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    30Apr70; MP21772.

  JURY AT THE SHADY REST. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  JUST CALL US INCOMPATIBLE. See

    NANCY. No. 5.


                                   K

  K-9'S FOR HOME AND BUSINESS SECURITY. Costello Productions. 28 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writer, Frederich W. Chandler.

    © Costello Productions, division of J.C. Vending Machines, Inc. &
      Frederich W. Chandler; 24Nov71; MU8384.

  KATE/KATE'S.

    For titles beginning with Kate or Kate's See PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  KAUAI, HAWAII. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 19.

  KEEPING RECORDS. See

    EXPERIMENTING.

  KILLER BEE. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  KILLER CUB. See

    DAKTARI.

  KILLER OF WAMERU. See

    DAKTARI.

  KILLER TRIBE. See

    DAKTARI.

  KIMBALL GETS FIRED. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  KIND WORD FOR THE PRESIDENT. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  KING KAMEHAMEHA BLUES. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  KING OF THE HILL. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  KING OF THIEVES. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  KING OLIVER I. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  KISS THE QUEEN GOODBYE. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  KLEPTOMONKEYAC. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  KOSHERING MEAT AND CHICKEN (Filmstrip) Avi Shulman & Sons. 32 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with Torah Umesorah's Dept. of
    Education. Appl. author; Avi Shulman. © Avi Shulman d.b.a. Avi
    Shulman & Sons; 10Mar71; JP13303.

  KRUMP, THE PLAYBOY. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.


                                   L

  THE LADY OF SHALOTT. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC filmstrip series,
    Great British narrative poems. Appl. author: Krantz Films, Inc.
    Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: revision & additions. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 12Apr71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21766.

  LAKES--AGING AND POLLUTION. Centron Educational Films. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Jan71; MP21651.

  LANDLORD COMETH. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  THE LARYNX. Teaching Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to
    dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.; 20Sep71; MU8369.

  LASSIE. Wrather Corp. Approx. 25 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Wrather Corp.

    Lassie & the 4-H boys. © 29Dec68; LP40221.

    Success story. © 5Oct69; LP39732.

    Track of the jaguar, pt. 1. © 24Nov68; LP40219.

    Track of the jaguar, pt. 2. © 1Dec68; LP40220.

  LAST EDEN, See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE LAST GRAND TOUR, See

    PARIS 7000.

  THE LAST PICTURE SHOW. Last Picture Show Productions. 118 min., sd,;
    b&w, 35 mm. A BBS production. Based on the novel by Larry McMurtry.

    Credits: Producer, Stephen J. Friedman; director, Peter Bogdanovich;
      screenplay, Larry McMurtry & Peter Bogdanovich; director of
      photography, Robert Surtees; editor, Donn Cambern.

    Cast: Timothy Bottoms, Jeff Bridges, Cybill Shepherd, Ben Johnson,
      Cloris Leachman.

    © Last Picture Show Productions, Inc.; 2Oct71; LP39867.

  THE LAST RUN. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision.

    Credits: Producer, Carter De Haven; director, Richard Fleischer;
      original screenplay, Alan Sharp; music, Jerry Goldsmith; director
      of photography, Sven Nykvish; film editor, Russell Lloyd.

    Cast: George C. Scott, Tony Musante, Aldo Sanbrell, Robert Coleby,
      Antonio Tarruella.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 9Jul71; LP39209.

  LATE JOHN LOUISIANA. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  LATER, JASON. Offender Aid & Restoration of Virginia. Made by Channel
    23. 90 min., sd., color. Videotape.

    Credits: Producer, Chris Brennan; director, Ernest Skinner; writer,
      Otto Jefferson Gibson; music, Robert Sherman & others; stage
      manager, James Reymer; set design, Malcolm Cash & others.

    Cast: Jerry Pulliam, Thomas Abshire, Art Kost, Jim Clemens, Robert
      Morris Simms, Sr.

    © Offender Aid & Restoration of Virginia, Inc.; 3Sep71; LU3611.

  LATIN AMERICA AND THE UNITED STATES (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 71
    fr., b&w, 35 mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, May 1971) With
    Discussion manual, 1 v. © New York Times Co.; 3May71; A255952.

  LAUGHTER IN THE DARK. Woodfall Films. Released by Lopert Pictures
    Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Gershwin Kastner-Les Films
    Marceau presentation. Based on the novel by Vladimir Nabokov.

    Credits: Producer, Neil Harley; director, Tony Richardson;
      screenplay, Edward Bond; director of photography, Dick Bush;
      editor, Charles Rees.

    Cast: Nicol Williamson, Anna Karina, Jean-Claude Drouot, Peter
      Bowles, Sian Phillips.

    © Woodfall Films, Ltd.; 11May69; LP40172.

  LAVERY. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  LAW CAN'T TOUCH HIM. See

    THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

  LAWMAN. Michael Winner, Ltd. [Rome] Released in the U.S. by United
    Artists 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Scimitar film production.

    Credits: Producer & director, Michael Winner; screenplay, Gerald
      Wilson; music, Jerry Fielding; camera operator, Tony Troke;
      editor, Freddie Wilson.

    © Michael Winner, Ltd.; 18Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LF86.

  L'CHAYIM. See

    IRONSIDE.

  A LEAP IN THE DEEP. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 20Jun71;
    LP39490.

  LEARN TO BE A MILLIONAIRE. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  LEARNING ABOUT HUMAN BEHAVIOR. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Marvin Powell.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr71;
      MP21797.

  LEARNING CLASSROOM SKILLS THROUGH MICROTEACHING. Macmillan Educational
    Services. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: The minicourse.
    Appl. states prev. pub. 4May70, MP21821-21831. NM: compilation &
    additions. © Macmillan Educational Services, Inc.; 11May70; MP21956.

  LEARNING EXPERIENCES: SHAPES. See

    CHANGING SHAPES.

    FLAT SHAPES.

    SHAPES ARE EVERYWHERE.

    SHAPES AT WORK.

    SHAPES IN NATURE.

    SHAPES PUZZLES.

    SHAPES WE USE.

    SPACE SHAPES: CUBES AND BOXES.

    SPACE SHAPES: CYLINDERS AND SPHERES.

    SPACE SHAPES: PYRAMIDS AND CONES.

  LEARNING EXPERIENCES--SENSES. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    Made by Bendick Associates. 10 reels, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc,; 4Jan71 (in notice: 1968); MP21681.

  LEARNING TO PLAY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. Group 1: The brasses (Filmstrip)
    Imperial Film Co. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: 340-1--340-4; Learning to play the French horn. 65
      fr.--Learning to play the trumpet. 50 fr.--Learning to play the
      trombone. 55 fr.--Learning to play the baritone & tuba. 53 fr.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13245-13248.

  LEARNING TO PLAY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. Group 2: The woodwinds
    (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: 341-1--341-4: Learning to play the flute. 38 fr.--Learning
      to play the oboe. 33 fr.--Learning to play the clarinet. 44
      fr.--Learning to play the bassoon. 51 fr.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13249-13252.

  LEARNING TO PLAY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. Group 3: The strings (Filmstrip)
    Imperial Film Co. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: 342-1--342-4: Learning to play the violin & viola. 43
      fr.--Learning to play the cello. 47 fr.--Learning to play the
      double bass. 43 fr.--Learning to play the guitar. 45 fr.

  LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE (Filmstrip) MSJC
    Productions. 19 fr., color, 35 mm. (Machine transcription, SE 1-2)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Anne Schatz.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13493.

  LEAVING HOME BLUES. See

    NBC WHITE PAPER.

  LEGEND OF WHITNEY MARKHAM. See

    MAYA.

  LE MANS. Solar Productions & Cinema Center Films. Released by National
    General Pictures Corp. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Producer, Jack N. Reddish; director, Lee H. Katzin;
      screenplay, Harry Kleiner; head of racing dept., Andrew Ferguson;
      music, Michel Legrand; directors of photography, Robert B. Hauser
      & Rene Guissart, Jr.; film editors, Donald W. Ernst, John M.
      Woodcock, Ghislaine Desjonqueres.

    Cast: Steve McQueen, Siegfried Rauch, Elga Anderson, Ronald
      Leigh-Hunt, Fred Haltiner.

    © Cinema Center Films & Solar Productions, Inc.; 11Jun71; LP39818.

  LEO THE LAST. Char-Wink-Boor Productions. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Irwin Winkler & Robert Chartoff; director, John
      Boorman; screenplay, Bill Stair & John Boorman; songs & music,
      Fred Myrow; director of photography, Peter Suschitzky; film
      editor, Tom Priestley.

    Cast: Marcello Mastroianni, Billie Whitelaw, Calvin Lockhart, Glenna
      Forster Jones, Lew Gossett.

    © Char-Wink-Boor Productions, Inc.; 11May70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP40175.

  LEOPARD ON THE ROCK. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  LEOPOLD THE SEE-THROUGH CRUMBPICKER. Kratky Film & Firebird Films.
    Released by Weston Woods Studios. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From
    the book by James Flora.

    Credits: Director, Gene Deitch; Writer & illustrator, James Flora;
      music composer, Peter Eben.

    © Firebird Films; 6Oct71 (in notice: 1970); LP40125.

  LESSON 1: MODEL A, MODEL B. Far West Laboratory for Educational
    Research & Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning:
    Elementary level) © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development; 4May70; MP21825.

  LESSON 2: MODEL A, MODEL B. Far West Laboratory for Educational
    Research & Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning:
    Elementary level) © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development; 4May70; MP21827.

  LESSON 3: MODEL A, MODEL B. Far West Laboratory for Educational
    Research & Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning:
    Elementary level) © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development; 4May70; MP21829.

  LESSON 4: MODEL A, MODEL B. Far West Laboratory for Educational
    Research & Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning:
    Elementary level) © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development; 4May70; MP21831.

  LESSONS FOR GROUP PIANO (Filmstrip) Decker Corp. 1 reel, color, Super
    8 mm. Appl. states prev. pub. 1Nov69. NM: lesson 13-60. © Decker
    Corp.; 1Jan71 (in notices: 1969, 1970); JP13390.

  LESSONS FOR PIANO & ORGAN (Filmstrip) Decker Corp. 1 reel, color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. states prev. pub. 1Nov69. NM: lesson 43-47. ©
    Decker Corp.; 1Jan71 (in notices: 1969, 1970); JP13392.

  LET IT HAPPEN, OR MAKE IT HAPPEN? (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
    Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 56 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 21Jul71; JP13316.

  LET'S BE ENEMIES (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 31 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. From the book by Janice May Udry, illustrated
    by Maurice Sendak.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel.

    NM: selection & compilation.

    © on filmstrip; Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 1Dec70; A273062.

  LET'S EAT PROPERLY (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 29 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas R. Havins, Jr. © Southwest Films
    Associates; 15Jul71; JP13293.

  LET'S FIND LIFE! Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 10Jun71; MP22027.

  LET'S LIVE SAFELY (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 34 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas R. Havins, Jr. © Southwest Films
    Associates; 15Jul71; JP13296.

  LET'S SCARE JESSICA TO DEATH. Jessica Co. Released by Paramount
    Pictures Corp. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Charles B. Moss, Jr.; director, John Hancock;
      writers, Ralph Rose & Norman Jonas; music, Orville Stoeber;
      photographer, Bob Baldwin; film editor, Murray Solomon.

    Cast: Zohra Lampert, Barton Heyman, Kevin O'Connor, Alan Manson,
      Mariclare Costello.

    © Jessica Co.; 20Aug71; LP40011.

  LET'S STAY HEALTHY (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 27 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas R. Havins, Jr. © Southwest Films
    Associates; 15Jul71; JP13292.

  LET'S USE NUMBERS (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 27 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas R. Havins, Jr. © Southwest Films
    Associates; 15Jul71; JP13294.

  A LETTER TO AMY. Weston Woods Studios. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From
    the book by Ezra Jack Keats.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel; director, Cynthia Freitag;
      narrator, Loretta Long; music composer, Robert Freedman.

    © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 20Dec70; LP39221.

  LETTERING. See

    DRAFTING.

  LIB AND LET LIB. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  LIBERATION MOVEMENT. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE LIBERTY BELL. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  LICENSE TO KILL. See

    DAKTARI.

  LIFE CYCLES OF COMMON ANIMALS (Filmstrip) 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: 441-1--441-4: The life cycle of a gull, pt. 1. 46 fr.--The
      life cycle of a gull, pt. 2. 42 fr.--The life cycle of a salmon,
      pt. 1. 45 fr.--The life cycle of a salmon, pt. 2. 45 fr.

    © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13257-13260.

  LIFE IN THE CITY. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  THE LIFE OF A SOUTHERN PLANTER. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  A LIMITED ENGAGEMENT. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 130.

  THE LINK. American National Red Cross. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    American National Red Cross; 25May71; MP21736.

  LION IN WINTER. Avco Embassy Pictures Corp. 137 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Panavision. Based on the play by James Goldman.

    Credits: Producer, Martin Poll; director, Anthony Harvey; music,
      John Barry; director of cinematography, Douglas Slocombe; film
      editor, John Bloom.

    Cast: Peter O'Toole, Katharine Hepburn, Jane Merrow, John Castle,
      Timothy Dalton.

    © Haworth Productions, Inc.; 30Oct68; LP40224.

  LION KILLER. See

    DAKTARI.

  LIRE FROM HEAVEN. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  LISA/LISA'S.

    For titles beginning with Lisa or Lisa's See GREEN ACRES.

  LIST STRUCTURED FILES. Lesson 541. Edutronics Systems International. 5
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics, Inc. whose
    full corporate name is Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
    3Sep69; MP21968.

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION (Filmstrip) Pied Piper. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Contents: Enjoying illustrations. 64 fr.--Historical fiction. 64
      fr.--Myths. 68 fr.--Adventure. 62 fr.

    Appl. author: Robert H. Waterman, Pied Piper Prod.

    © Pied Piper; 10Oct71; A290494.

  LITTLE BIG MAN. Hiller Productions & Stockbridge Productions. Released
    by Cinema Center Films. 147 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. A
    National General Pictures Release. Based on the novel by Thomas
    Berger.

    Credits: Producer, Stuart Millar; director, Arthur Penn; screenplay,
      Calder Willingham; music, John Hammond; director of photography,
      Harry Stradling, Jr.; film editor, Dede Allen; Mr. Hoffman's
      makeup, Dick Smith.

    Cast: Dustin Hoffman, Faye Dunaway, Martin Balsam, Richard Milligan,
      Chief Dan George.

    © Hiller Productions, Ltd. & Stockbridge Productions, Inc.; 9Dec70;
      LP39207.

  LITTLE BIG TOP. Amazing Life Games Co. Released by Houghton Mifflin
    Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 4Nov71;
    LP40041.

  LITTLE DOG, GONE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY (Filmstrip) No. 124. Weston Woods Studios. 24
    fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. From the book illustrated by
    Ezra Jack Keats; words & music by Katherine Davis, Henry Onorati &
    Harry Simeone.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel.

    NM: compilation & adaptation.

    © on filmstrip; Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Jun71 (in notice:
      1970); A257662.

  LITTLE JERRY JESSUP. See

    IRONSIDE.

  LITTLE MISS FIXIT. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  LITTLE MISS NIGHTINGALE. See

    DAKTARI.

  LITTLE MONSTER. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  LITTLEST EXILE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  LITTLEST REBEL. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  LIVING CONSTITUTION. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  LIVING HISTORY. Pt. 1: New Castle on the Delaware (Filmstrip) Educom.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educom; 26Oct71; JP13434.

  LIVING IN AMERICA -- GETTING A JOB. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  LIVING WITH COMPUTERS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
    Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's manual, 4 p.

    Contents: X207A-X207F: Computers can't think. 69 fr.--Programming.
      48 fr.--Putting the work in. 61 fr.--Getting the work out. 35
      fr.--Garbage in-garbage out. 41 fr.--For good and bad. 42 fr.

    © Educational Direction, Inc.; 15Aug71; JP13334-13339.

  LOCATING A POINT IN SPACE. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1
    reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    Loop film. © Macmillan Co.; 14Dec70; MP21734.

  LONDON BRIDGE IS FALLING DOWN (Filmstrip) No. 122. Weston Woods
    Studios. 22 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. From the book
    illustrated by Peter Spier.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel.

    NM: compilation & adaptation.

    © on filmstrip; Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Jun71; A257661.

  THE LONG, LONG DREAM. Iron Crystal Films. 18 min., sd., color and b&w,
    16 mm. © Diana MacKown; 25May71; MP21786.

  LOST FLIGHT. Universal Pictures. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Bobby Van, Linden Chiles, Anne Francis,
      Jennifer Leak.

    © Universal Pictures; 12Aug70; LP39669.

  LOST ON THE BAJA PENINSULA. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  LOTTERY. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  A LOUISIANA BOUCHERIE (Filmstrip) Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division
    of Southern Audio Visual Corp. Made by Jamieson Film Co. 79 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of Southern
    Audio Visuals Corp. (in notice: Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division
    of Southern Audio Visual Corp.); 15Dec71; JP13549.

  LOVE COMES TO ARNOLD ZIFFEL. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  LOVE FINDS JANE HATHAWAY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE LOVE GOD. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE LOVE MACHINE. Frankovich Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by
    Jacqueline Susann. Produced in association with Sujac Productions.

    Credits: Producer, M. J. Frankovich; director, Jack Haley, Jr.;
      screenplay, Samuel Taylor; music composer & arranger, Artie
      Butler; director of photography, Charles B. Lang; film editor,
      David Blewitt.

    Cast: Dyan Cannon, Robert Ryan, Jackie Cooper, David Hemmings,
      Shecky Greene.

    © Frankovich Productions, Inc.; 5Aug71; LP39462.

  LOVE ME, LOVE MY DOG. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  LOVE MY ENEMY. See

    IRONSIDE.

  LOVE THY NEIGHBOR. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  LUKE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  LUMPEN. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  LUTHER PROJECT IDEAS (Filmstrip) Lutheran Church Press. 3 filmstrips
    on 1 roll, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Project 1-3: Diorama of Wittenberg. 31 fr.--Carving a
      Luther seal. 10 fr.--Make a Luther banner. 16 fr.

    Credits: Producer, Richard N. Clapper; writer & editor, John A.
      Jorgenson; photographer, John Stevens Kerr.

    © Lutheran Church Press; 2Aug71; JP13309.


                                   M

  MCCABE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  MACHINE TRANSCRIPTION, SE 1-2. See

    LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE.

  MACHISMO BAG. See

    IRONSIDE.

  MACMILLAN SCHOOL MATHEMATICS PROGRAM. See

    ADDITION.

    AREA.

    CIRCLES.

    THE CONCEPT OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.

    DIVISION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.

    LOCATING A POINT IN SPACE.

    MODELS: WHEN TO MULTIPLY OR DIVIDE.

    MULTIPLICATION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.

    POLAR COORDINATES.

    SET OPERATIONS.

    SETS.

  MAE'S HELPING HAND. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE MAGIC FRAME: ADVENTURES IN SEEING. Coronet Instructional Films. 11
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, David Culver.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr71;
      MP21796.

  THE MAGIC OF DISNEYLAND. Walt Disney Productions. 21 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Walt Disney Productions; 15Oct69; MP21755.

  THE MAGIC ROAD. See

    H. R. PUFNSTUF.

  MAGIC SNEAKERS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    31Oct69; MP21782.

  THE MAGIC WHISTLE. Dave Bell Associates. Distributed by Walt Disney
    Educational Materials Co. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writer, Jim Thompson.

    © Walt Disney Educational Materials Co.; 20Oct70; LP39495.

  MAKE A LUTHER BANNER. See

    LUTHER PROJECT IDEAS.

  MAKING A BETTER WORLD. Brigham Young University, Motion Picture Dept.
    11 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Brigham Young University; 4Jun71;
    LP39325.

  MAKING A DANCE. Intermedia Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Richard Brown; directors, Leonard Wong, David
      Dettinger; narration, David Vaughan; photographer, Irvin Goodnoff;
      duet choreography, Raymond Johnson.

    © Intermedia Productions, Inc.; 25Jul71; LP39907.

  MAKING A SENSITIVE RESPONSE: STIMULUS FILM. Blakiston Division,
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc.; 1Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP21804.

  MAKING OF THE AMERICAN NATION, SECTION 1-3. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  MAKING THE SCENE. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  MAN ALIVE (Filmstrip) International Motivation Systems. 99 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Director, Robert Ford; writer, Dick Upton; photographer,
      Edwin C. Udey.

    © International Motivation Systems, Inc.; 15Feb71; JP13235.

  MAN ALIVE (Filmstrip) Success Associates International. 99 fr., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Director, Robert Ford; writer, Dick Upton; photographer,
      Edwin C. Udey.

    © Success Associates International, Inc.; 28Oct70; JP13236.

  MAN AND THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by American
    Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70; MP21708.

  MAN AND THE OCEAN (Filmstrip) A. J. Nystrom & Co. Made by Take Ten. 5
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: The ocean frontier. 62 fr.--The physical environment. 98
      fr.--The biological environment. 89 fr.--The ocean and the world
      ecosystem. 79 fr.--Man uses the ocean. 83 fr.

    © A. J. Nystrom & Co.; 8Oct71; JP13419.

  MAN AND THE OCEAN: A COMPLETE PROGRAM IN OCEANOGRAPHY (Filmstrip) A.
    J. Nystrom & Co. 124 fr., color, 35 mm. © A. J. Nystrom & Co.;
    8Oct71; JP13474.

  MAN AND THE RISE OF CIVILIZATION. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by American
    Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70; MP21706.

  MAN AND THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by
    American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70; MP21709.

  MAN AS HUNTER AND FOOD GATHERER. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by American
    Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History of
    man) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Nov70; MP21704.

  A MAN CALLED SLEDGE. Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica. Released by
    Columbia Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope.

    Credits: Producer, Dino de Laurentiis; director, Vic Morrow;
      writers, Vic Morrow & Frank Kowalski; music, Gianni Ferrio;
      director of photography, Luigi Kuveiller; editor, Renzo Lucidi.

    Cast: James Garner, Dennis Weaver, Claude Akins, John Marley, Laura
      Antonelli.

    © Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica, S.P.A.; 1Mar71 (in notice:
      1970); LP39196.

  MAN FOR THE JOB. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E. Arena Productions. Released by
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

    The seven wonders of the world, pt. 1. Credits: Producer, Anthony
      Spinner; writer, Norman Hudis. © 8Jan68; LP39237.

    The seven wonders of the world, pt. 2. Credits: Producer, Anthony
      Spinner; writer, Norman Hudis. © 15Jan68; LP39238.

  MAN LOOKS AT THE MOON. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 4Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP21757.

  MAN, MOON, AND UNIVERSE. Series 2: An introduction to the science of
    rockets and space travel (Filmstrip) Educational Resources. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: The training of astronauts. 63 fr.--The spaceship and its
      ground support system. 72 fr.--How to fly a spaceship to the moon.
      84 fr.--Moon rocks, Apollo 12, and beyond. 60 fr.

    Credits: By A. William Adler & Shirley Blumenthal.

    © Educational Resources, Inc.; 30Mar70; JP13298.

  MAN THE CULTURE BUILDER. See

    OLD GAO STORYTELLERS.

  MAN TO MATCH THE LAND. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  MAN USES THE OCEAN. See

    MAN AND THE OCEAN.

  MAN WITH CONNECTIONS. See

    LE PISTONNE.

  MANAGEMENT BY MOTIVATION. Frederick Herzberg. 24 min., sd., b&w.
    (Motivation to work) Videotape. © Frederick Herzberg; 21Oct71;
    MU8373.

  MANAGEMENT BY MOVEMENT. Frederick Herzberg. 23 min., sd., b&w.
    (Motivation to work) Videotape. © Frederick Herzberg; 21Oct71;
    MU8377.

  THE MANAGEMENT OF HYGIENE. Frederick Herzberg. 26 min., sd., b&w.
    (Motivation to work) Videotape. © Frederick Herzberg; 21Oct71;
    MU8374.

  THE MANAGER AS ENTREPRENEUR. BNA Films. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Managing discontinuity) © BNA, Inc.; 21Jun71; MP21676.

  MANAGING DISCONTINUITY. See

    COPING WITH TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE.

    THE FUTURE OF TECHNOLOGY.

    THE MANAGER AS ENTREPRENEUR.

    THE MULTINATIONAL CORP.

    POLLUTION CONTROL: THE HARD DECISIONS.

    SOCIAL NEEDS AS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.

    TOMORROW'S CUSTOMERS.

    WHO'S GONNA COLLECT THE GARBAGE.

  MANAGING YOUR EMOTIONS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Richard Hill Byrne.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 19Apr71;
      MP21798.

  MAN'S MAN. See

    DAKTARI.

  MANUSCRIPT FILM LOOPS. Forrest D. Fernkopf. 26 motion pictures on 1
    reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fernkopf cinematic handwriting with
    Super 8 mm. film loops) © Forrest D. Fernkopf; 17Apr71; MP21925.

  MAP AND ATLAS SURVEY (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 50 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Violet Priestley. © Violet Priestley
    d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center; 20Oct69; JP13281.

  MAPS SHOW THE EARTH (Filmstrip) A. J. Nystrom & Co., a subsidiary of
    Field Enterprises. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Maps are pictures. 42 fr.--Maps show where. 66 fr.--Maps
      use symbols. 75 fr.

    NM: all new except U.S. Government maps.

    © A. J. Nystrom & Co.; 1Sep71; JP13486.

  MARIA OF THE PUEBLOS. Coleman Film Enterprises. Presented by Centron
    Educational Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with
    Southwestern Educational Films. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Mar71;
    MP21949.

  MARK TEMPLETON ARRIVES. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  MARKET IN MOTION. New York Stock Exchange. Made by Vision Associates.
    14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © New York Stock Exchange; 31Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP22020.

  MARRIAGE. E. C. Brown Trust Foundation. Made by Wexler Film
    Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director, Sy Wexler; script, Curtis E. Avery; graphics,
      Paul Julian.

    © E. C. Brown Trust Foundation; 10May71; MP21735.

  MARRIAGE AND FAMILY. See

    THE RELATIONSHIP OF RELIGION TO FAMILY LIFE.

  THE MARRIAGE MACHINE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  MARRY A MILLION. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  MARTIAL VACATION. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  MARTINIQUE. See

    LES ANTILLES FRANCAISES.

    THE FRENCH WEST INDIES.

  THE MARVELOUS MARCH OF JEAN FRANCOIS. Viking Films Miniature Film
    Studios. Distributed by Sterling Educational Films. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Based on the book by John Raymond. © Sterling
    Educational Films, division of Walter Reade Organization, Inc. &
    Book Properties, Inc., subsidiary of Doubleday & Co., Inc. (in
    notice: Doubleday & Co., Inc. & Walter Reade Organization); 5Aug71;
    LP40213.

  MARY PRITCHARD. ETS Program Service. Made by KVZK-TV. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71;
    MP22084.

  MASCULINE OR FEMININE: YOUR ROLE IN SOCIETY. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 19 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Fred McKinney.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr71;
      MP21790.

  MASTER TEACHERS. See

    A PIAGET PRESCHOOL PROGRAM IN ACTION.

  MASTER TECHNICIANS' SERVICE CONFERENCE. See

    ENGINE PERFORMANCE FACTS AND FIXES.

    IGNITION SYSTEMS FOR '72.

    MR. TONY'S TALE.

    THE '72 THERMO-QUAD CARBURETOR.

    SUB-COMPACT AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  THE MATADOR. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  MATCHLESS. Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Ermanno Donati & Luigi Carpentieri; director,
      Alberto Lattuada; screenplay, Dean Craig & others; director of
      photography, Sandro D'Eva.

    Cast: Patrick O'Neal, Ira Furstenberg, Donald Pleasence, Henry
      Silva, Nicoletta Machiavelli.

    © Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica, S.P.A.; 15Sep67 (in notice:
      1966); LP39823.

  MATHEMATICAL RELATIONSHIPS. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  MATTER OF SURVIVAL. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  MATTER OF VENGEANCE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  MAY THE WIND BE ALWAYS AT YOUR BACK. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  MAYA. King Bros. Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
    Television. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with
    NBC-TV Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

    Deadly passage. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King; writer,
      Stirling Silliphant. © 31Dec67; LP39240.

    The legend of Whitney Markham. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice
      King; writer, Norman Katkov. © 31Dec67; LP39243.

    Mirrcan's magic circus. Producers, Frank & Maurice King; writers,
      Kay Lenard & Maxwell Shane. © 31Dec67; LP39239.

    The ransom for Raji. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      teleplay, Rick Vollaerts & Maxwell Shane; story, William Hersey. ©
      31Dec67; LP39242.

    Son of Gammu Ghat. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King;
      writers, Maxwell Shane & Rik Vollaerts. © 31Dec67; LP39245.

    Treasure temple. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King; writer,
      Lee Erwin. © 31Dec67; LP39241.

    The witness. Credits: Producers, Frank & Maurice King; teleplay,
      Maxwell Shane; story, Lester Cole & Norman Katkov. © 31Dec67;
      LP39244.

  MAYOR OF BUG TUSSLE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE MAZE. Houghton Mifflin Co. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    association with Du Art Film Laboratories. © Houghton Mifflin Co.;
    8Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP39247.

  THE MBUTI OF THE ITURI FOREST (Filmstrip) Collier-Macmillan Canada. 44
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Photography & script by Colin M. Turnbull.

    © Colin M. Turnbull; 12Apr71; JP13511.

  MEASURING. McGraw-Hill Films & Hanna-Barbera Productions. 13 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc. & Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.; 9Nov70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21687.

  MEASURING AND RECORDING FLUID OUTPUT. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series,
    study unit 8: Personal procedures care) Produced in collaboration
    with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Denice Quinn.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21732.

  MEASURING LENGTHS (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Films & Marvin Edson Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    guide.

    Contents: What is linear measurement? 35 fr.--Using an inch. 35
      fr.--Using a foot. 38 fr.--Using half and quarter inches. 35
      fr.--Using eighth inches. 34 fr.--Using yards and miles. 37 fr.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 10Feb71 (in notices: 1970); JP13271,
      13269-13270, 13272-13273, 13268.

  MEASURING THE PURCHASING MAN: TREND OF PERFORMANCE. National Assn. of
    Purchasing Management. Made by Swanson Productions. 17 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © National Assn. of Purchasing Management, Inc.;
    1Jun71; LP39220.

  MEAT. See

    WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

  MEDICAL PARASITOLOGY (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 2 filmstrips (no.
    1, 47 fr.; no. 2, 55 fr.), color, 35 mm. With manual, 9 p.

    Credits: By Edward K. Markell & Marietta Voge.

    © W. B. Saunders Co.; 14Sep71; JP13386.

  MEET EMILY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  MEET THE IN-LAWS. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  MEMBERS OF SETS. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  MENAGERIE. Lexington School of Modern Dance. 22 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Lexington School of Modern Dance, Inc.; 1Sep67 (in notice:
    1968); MP21862.

  THE MEPHISTO WALTZ. QM Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Fred
    Mustard Stewart.

    Credits: Producer, Quinn Martin; director, Paul Wendkos; screenplay,
      Ben Maddow; music, Jerry Goldsmith; director of photography,
      William W. Spencer; film editor, Richard Brockway.

    Cast: Alan Alda, Jacqueline Bisset, Barbara Parkins, Brad Dillman,
      William Windom.

    © QM Productions & Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 26Mar71;
      LP39201.

  METEOROLOGICAL CHRONOPHOTOCARTOGRAPHY. C. Parker Chiapella. 26 min.,
    si., color, 16 mm. © C. Parker Chiapella; 26Jul71; MU8341.

  METER HANDLING STORY. Michigan Consolidated Gas Co. 20 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Michigan Consolidated Gas Co.; 29Nov71; MU8383.

  MEXICAN HONEYMOON. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  EL MEXICO HISPANICO (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 3 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Spanish.

    Contents: La herencia espanola. 58 fr.--Los pueblos coloniales. 58
      fr.--Las tierras centrales. 59 fr.

    Credits: By Sidney & Mary Lee Nolan; translated & edited by Carlos
      H. Monsanto.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13483.

  EL MEXICO MODERNO (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 3 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Spanish.

    Contents: La familia y la diversion. 55 fr.--Geografia y economia.
      57 fr.--Historia y desarrollo. 49 fr.

    Credits: By Sidney & Mary Lee Nolan; translated & edited by Carlos
      H. Monsanto.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13485.

  MIAMI, FLORIDA. See

    FRIENDS. No. 4.

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Midland
    Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., color, 16
    mm. © Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn.

    Balloon. © 3Aug71; LP39857.

    Balloon. 60 sec. © 15Aug71; LP39859.

    Christmas. © 15Aug71; LP39860.

  MIKE AND THE COUNTESS. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  MILD ANXIETY. Marilynn L. Van Slambrook. 5 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. © Marilynn L. Van Slambrook; 27Dec71; MU8386.

  MILITARY SCHOOL. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  MILK. See

    WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

  MILK MAKER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  MILL WORKER'S FAMILY. Richard A. Sanderson. 17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with Ohio State University Dept. of
    Photography & Cinema.

    Credits: Producer & editor, Richard A. Sanderson; script, Sarah E.
      Sanderson; narrator, Cromwell Crawford; documentation & research,
      Myra Roper.

    © Richard A. Sanderson; 12Jul71; MP21963.

  MIND IF WE JOIN YOUR WEDDING. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  MINICOURSE. See

    LEARNING CLASSROOM SKILLS THROUGH MICROTEACHING.

  MINI COURSE, EFFECTIVE QUESTIONING: ELEMENTARY LEVEL. See

    INSTRUCTIONAL LESSON 1-4.

    INSTRUCTIONAL PRACTICE LESSON.

    INTRODUCTION.

    LESSON 1-4: MODEL A, MODEL B.

    PRACTICE LESSON: MODEL A, MODEL B.

  MIRACLE IN THE JUNGLE. See

    DAKTARI.

  MIRAGE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  MIRRCAN'S MAGIC CIRCUS. See

    MAYA.

  THE MISSING ADDEND. Review Educational Films. 5 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
    MP21912.

  MR. FARQUHAR STAYS ON. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  MR. GALEN COMES TO TOWN. Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Assn. Made by
    RFG Associates. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association
    with Film Counselors.

    Cast: Henry Jones.

    © Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Assn.; 26May71; LP39492.

  MR. KOUMAL BATTLES HIS CONSCIENCE. Sim Productions. 2 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Sim Productions,
    Inc.; 1Jun71; LP39929.

  MR. KOUMAL DISCOVERS KOUMALIA. Sim Productions. 2 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Sim Productions, Inc.; 1Jun71;
    LP39927.

  MR. KOUMAL GETS INVOLVED. Sim Productions. 2 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Sim Productions, Inc.; 1Jun71;
    LP39928.

  MR. TONY'S TALE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 82
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians' service conference, session
    no. 71-12) © Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep71; JP13394.

  MR. UNIVERSE MUSCLES IN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  MISTER X. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  MRS. DRYSDALE'S FATHER. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  MOBY DICK. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

  THE MODEL CITY. Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico,
    Inc.; 26May70; MP21669.

  MODEL FEATURES. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  MODEL 1. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development.
    Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a minicourse) Appl.
    states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West Laboratory for
    Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22004.

  MODEL 2. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development.
    Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a minicourse) Appl.
    states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West Laboratory for
    Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22006.

  MODEL 3. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development.
    Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a minicourse) Appl.
    states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West Laboratory for
    Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22008.

  MODEL 4. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development.
    Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Individualizing instruction in mathematics: a minicourse) Appl.
    states prev. pub. 3May71. NM: addition. © Far West Laboratory for
    Educational Research & Development; 7Jun71; MP22010.

  MODELS OF TEACHER BEHAVIOR. Eastern Regional Institute for Education.
    23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Process education for teachers) © ERIE
    a.a.d.o. Eastern Regional Institute for Education; 15Dec70; MP21808.

  MODELS: WHEN TO MULTIPLY OR DIVIDE. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson
    Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) Loop film. © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec70; MP21639.

  MODERN MERCHANDISING; or, A tale of two retailers. Caltex Petroleum
    Corp. Made by Visualscope. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Caltex
    Petroleum Corp.; 13Aug71; MU8344.

  MODULAR SCHEDULING AND ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS. Educational Coordinates. 29
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.; 20May70;
    MP21754.

  MOLOKAI, U.S.A. Carm-Lar Productions. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Executive producer, Lionel R. Gillmore.

    © Carm-Lar Productions; 12Aug70; MP21646.

  THE MONKEES. Raybert Productions. Released by Screen Gems. Approx. 30
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Raybert Productions, Inc.

    32. Monkees on tour. Credits: Producers, Robert Rafelson & Bert
      Schneider; director & writer, Robert Rafelson. Cast: Micky Dolenz,
      Michael Nesmith, David Jones, Peter Tork. © 24Apr67 (in notice:
      1966); LP40044.

    36. Monkee mayor. Credits: Producers, Robert Rafelson & Bert
      Schneider; director, Alex Singer; writer, Jack Winter. Cast: Peter
      Tork, Micky Dolenz, David Jones, Michael Nesmith, Monty Landis. ©
      2Oct67 (in notice: 1966); LP40045.

    43. A coffin too frequent. Credits: Producers, Robert Rafelson &
      Bert Schneider; director, David Winters; writer, Stella Linden.
      Cast: Peter Tork, Micky Dolenz, David Jones, Michael Nesmith,
      George Furth. © 20Nov67 (in notice: 1966); LP40046.

  MONKEYS, APES, AND MAN. National Geographic Society & Wolper
    Productions. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Jeff Myrow; co-director & editor,
      David Saxon; writer, Bud Wiser; photographers, Erik Daarstad &
      others.

    Cast: Diane Fossy.

    © National Geographic Society; 8Oct71; MP22055.

  MONSTER OF WAMERU. See

    DAKTARI.

  MONTE WALSH. Cinema Center Films & Palladian Pictures. Released by
    National General Pictures Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. Based upon the novel by Jack Schaefer.

    Credits: Producers, Hal Landers & Bobby Roberts; director, William
      A. Fraker; screenplay, Lukas Heller & David Z. Goodman; music,
      John Barry; director of photography, David M. Walsh; film editors,
      Richard Brockway & others.

    Cast: Lee Marvin, Jeanne Moreau, Jack Palance, Mitch Ryan, Jim
      Davis.

    © Cinema Center Films & Palladian Pictures, Ltd.; 28Sep70; LP39819.

  MOO IS BLUE. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  MOON ROCKS, APOLLO 12, AND BEYOND. See

    MAN, MOON, AND UNIVERSE. 12

  MORE SETS. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  MORNING CARE. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study unit 8: Personal
    procedures care) Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne,
    Inc.

  Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

  Cast: Patricia Loriot, Tommy Louden.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21721.

  MORRO BAY, CALIFORNIA. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 17.

  MOST EXPENSIVE SARDINE IN THE WORLD. See

    FLIPPER.

  MOST LIKELY TO MURDER. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE MOTHER GOOSE TREASURY (Filmstrip) No. 109. Weston Woods Studios.
    24 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. From the book illustrated by
    Raymond Briggs.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel.

    Appl. states prev. pub. abroad 1966. NM: compilation & adaptation.

    © on filmstrip; Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Jun71; A257659.

  THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW. Desi Arnaz Productions. Canada. Released by United
    Artists Television. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Desi
    Arnaz Productions, Inc.

    The first anniversary is the hardest. Credits: Producer, Elliott
      Lewis; director, Desi Arnaz; writers, Madelyn Davis & Bob Carroll,
      Jr. Cast: Eve Arden, Kaye Ballard, Herbert Rudley, Richard Deacon,
      Jerry Fogel. © 20Nov68; LP40223.

    It's a dog's life. Credits: Producer & director, Elliott Lewis;
      writers, Robert Fisher & Arthur Marx. Cast: Eve Arden, Kaye
      Ballard, Herbert Rudley, Richard Deacon, Jerry Fogel. © 6Nov68;
      LP40222.

  MOTION PICTURE STORY TEST. Single Concepts Productions. 5 min., si.,
    b&w, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Arthur Leon Terr. © Single
    Concepts Productions, Inc.; 26Oct71; MP22046.

  MOTIVATION TO WORK. See

    A DEFINITION OF MAN.

    MANAGEMENT BY MOTIVATION.

    MANAGEMENT BY MOVEMENT.

    THE MANAGEMENT OF HYGIENE.

    THE MOTIVATION TO WORK STUDIES.

  THE MOTIVATION TO WORK STUDIES. Frederick Herzberg. 24 min., sd., b&w.
    (Motivation to work) Videotape. © Frederick Herzberg; 21Oct71;
    MU3375.

  THE MOVIE MAKERS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 56
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Sep71; JP13470.

  MULTIMEDIA CENTER (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 49 fr., color,
    35 mm. Appl. author: Violet Priestley. © Violet Priestley d.b.a.
    Library Filmstrip Center; 28Sep69 (in notice: 1970); JP13277.

  THE MULTINATIONAL CORP. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by B.N.A.
    Films. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Managing discontinuity) A Quest
    production. © B.N.A., Inc.; 28Sep71; MP21928.

  MULTIPLICATION. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 4. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
    1Sep71; MP21917.

  MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 5. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.:
    1Sep71; MP22036.

  MULTIPLICATION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson
    Films. 1 reel, si., color. Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) Loop film. © Macmillan Co.; 7Dec70; MP21637.

  MUMBO JUMBO. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp.
    7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 27Sep69 (in notice:
    1970); LP39231.

  THE MURDERER STALLION BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 9.

  MURDOCH. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  MUSIC TO MILK BY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  MUSICAL ATOMS, A STUDY OF INTERVALS. See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.

  MY ART IS ME. University of California Extension Media Center. 21
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Regents of University of California;
    1Mar69 (in notice: 1968); MP22037.

  MY BROTHER HARVEY. See

    THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON.

  MY DAUGHTER THE SECRETARY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  MY FOUR WOMEN. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  MY HUSBAND THE ROOSTER RENTER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  MY MOTHER THE COUNTESS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  MY PAL SAM. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  MY SISTER-IN-LAW PHYLLIS. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  MY SISTER, THE SISTER. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  MY SON, THE BARBER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  MY THREE SONS. Don Fedderson Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Mac-Fedd Co. © Columbia Broadcasting
    System, Inc.

    After the honeymoon. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 13Mar71;
      LP40142.

    After you, Alphonse. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, Lois Hire; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 6Dec69; LP39878.

    Baubles, bangles & Beatrice. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann;
      director, Fred de Cordova; writer, Douglas Tibbles; music, DeVol;
      director of photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van
      Enger Jr. Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston, Beverly Garland. © 28Feb70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP39892.

    The bride went home. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 28Nov70;
      LP40158.

    Came the day. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred de
      Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 15Nov69; LP39876.

    The cat burglars. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 24Oct70;
      LP40153.

    Charley's cello. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, Ramez Idriss; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 15Feb70; LP39881.

    Debbie. Credits: Writer, Doug Tibbles. © 20Feb71; LP40140.

    Dodie goes downtown. Credits: Writers Doug Tibbles & Dennis
      Whitcomb. © 31Jan71; LP40138.

    Dodie's dilemma. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, Lois Hire; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 15Mar70; LP39883.

    Dodie's tonsils. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, Douglas Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 17Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP39888.

    Double jealousy. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, Rocci Chatfield; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Tina Cole,
      Beverly Garland. © 10Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP39887.

    The elopement. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 31Oct70; LP40154.

    Ernie drives. Credits: Writer, Paul West. © 23Jan71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40146.

    The first anniversary. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 12Sep70;
      LP40148.

    The first meeting. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 27Sep69; LP39869.

    Fit the crime. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 27Feb71; LP40141.

    Guest in the house. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, Lois Hire; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 7Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP39891.

    The honeymoon. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 7Nov70; LP40155.

    The honeymoon is over. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Barry
      Livingston, Tina Cole. © 21Feb70; LP39882.

    Instant co-worker. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 4Oct69; LP39870.

    Is it love? Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred de
      Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 11Oct69; LP39871.

    It's a woman's world. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, Si Rose; director of photography, Paul
      Vogel. Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston, © 27Dec69; LP40123.

    J. P. Douglas. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred de
      Cordova; writer, B. W. Sandefur; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 29Mar70; LP39885.

    The liberty bell. Credits: Writer, Doug Tibbles. © 27Dec70; LP40161.

    Littlest rebel. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 25Oct69; LP39873.

    The love god. Credits: Writer, Doug Tibbles. © 2Jan71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40143.

    Love thy neighbor. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writers, Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov; music, DeVol;
      director of photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van
      Enger, Jr. Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Tina
      Cole, Beverly Garland. © 21Mar70; LP39884.

    Mexican honeymoon. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest Don Grady, Tina Cole,
      Beverly Garland. © 22Nov69; LP29877.

    Mister X. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred de
      Cordova; writer, Lois Hire. Cast: Fred MacMurray, William
      Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley Livingston, Tina Cole © 7Mar70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP40122.

    My four women. Credits: Writer, Bob Touchstone. © 21Nov70; LP40157.

    The new vice president. Credits: Writer, Lois Hire. © 9Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40144.

    The non-proposal. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 3Oct7O;
      LP40151.

    The once-over. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 19Sep70; LP40149.

    One by one they go. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 14Nov70;
      LP40156.

    One week to go. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 8Nov69; LP39875.

    Polly wants a Douglas. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 10Oct70;
      LP40152.

    Polly's secret life. Credits: Writer, Doug Tibbles. © 22Nov71;
      LP40134.

    The power of suggestion. Credits: Writer, Doug Tibbles. © 5Dec70;
      LP40159.

    The recital. Credits: Writer, Doug Tibbles. © 13Feb71; LP40139.

    The return of Albert. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 26Sep70;
      LP40150.

    The return of terrible Tom. Credits: Writer, Lois Hire. © 6Mar71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40147.

    A ring for Barbara. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 18Oct69; LP39872.

    Robbie's honey. Credits: Writer, Arthur Sheekman. © 16Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40145.

    Rough on Dodie. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, Douglas Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 13Dec69; LP39879.

    St. Louis blues. Credits: Writer, Lois Hire. © 12Dec70; LP40160.

    Silver threads. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, Douglas Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Tina Cole,
      Beverly Garland. © 20Dec69; LP39880.

    The sound of music? Credits: Writer, Robert Pirosh. © 30Nov71;
      LP40135.

    Table for eight. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, Bob Touchstone; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 3Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP39886.

    Two weeks to go. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred
      de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director or
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 1Nov69; LP39874.

    Who is Sylvia? Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director, Fred de
      Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Stanley
      Livingston, Barry Livingston. © 25Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP39889.

    You can't go home. Credits: Producer, Edmund Hartmann; director,
      Fred de Cordova; writer, George Tibbles; music, DeVol; director of
      photography, Paul Vogel; film editor, Richard L. Van Enger, Jr.
      Cast: Fred MacMurray, William Demarest, Don Grady, Tina Cole,
      Beverly Garland. © 31Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP39890.

  MYSTERIOUS MAGNET. See

    WONDERS OF NATURE.

  MYTHS. See

    LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.


                                   N

  NBC WHITE PAPER. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 51 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

    Leaving home blues. Telecast: Aug. 27, 1971. Credits: Producer,
      writer & director, Martin Carr; correspondents, Garrick Utley &
      Edwin Newman; supervising film editor, Robert Loweree; cameraman,
      Richard V. Norling. © 20Aug71; MP22089.

    This child is rated X. Telecast: May 2, 1971. Credits: Producer,
      writer & director, Martin Carr; correspondent, Edwin Newman;
      supervising film editor, Robert Loweree; cameraman, Dexter Alley.
      © 28Apr71; MP22088.

  NAME TRAINS OF THE RIO GRANDE: 1939. Sunday River Productions. 12
    min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Albert G. Hale. © Sunday
    River Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 20Oct71; MP22065.

  NANCY. Sidney Sheldon Productions. Released by Screen Gems. Approx. 30
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Sidney
    Sheldon Productions, Inc.

    No.

    1. It's a good day for meeting the president's daughter. Credits:
      Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director, E. W. Swackhamer; writers,
      Sidney Sheldon & John McGreevey. © 17Sep70; LP39963.

    2. Guess who's coming to the White House? Credits: Producer, Jerome
      Courtland; director, Alan Rafkin; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Renne
      Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, Dorothy Green. © 24Sep70;
      LP39964.

    3. The smallest diamond in the world. Credits: Producer, Jerome
      Courtland; director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Allan Devon. Cast:
      Renne Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, John Degan, James
      Dobson. © 1Oct70; LP39965.

    4. It's a bad day for meeting presidents. Credits: Producer, Jerome
      Courtland; director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Allan Devon. Cast:
      Renne Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, Burr Smidt, Mitzi Hoag;
      © 8Oct70; LP39966.

    5. Just call us incompatible. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland;
      director, Claudio Guzman; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Renne
      Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, T. J. Halligan, Joe Ross. ©
      15Oct70; LP39967.

    6. Adam and the TV star. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland;
      director, Alan Rafkin; writer, Allan Devon. Cast: Renne Jarrett,
      John Fink, Robert F. Simon, David Astor, Kip King. © 22Oct70;
      LP39968.

    7. East is East & West is best. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland;
      director, Claudio Guzman; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Renne
      Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, Gary Vinson, George Cary. ©
      29Oct70; LP39969.

    8. Here comes the groom. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland;
      director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast:
      Renne Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, Kay Stewart, Margaret
      Wheeler. © 5Nov70; LP39970.

    9. Honeymoon for twelve. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland;
      director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast:
      Renne Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, Norman Grabowski,
      Dennis Fimple. © 12Nov70; LP39971.

    10. Going, going, gone. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland;
      director, Alan Rafkin; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Renne Jarrett,
      John Fink, Robert F. Simon, Walter Sande, Hal Smith. © 19Nov70;
      LP39972.

    11. First 100 years are the hardest. Credits: Producer & director,
      Jerome Courtland; writer, Jean Holloway. Cast: Renne Jarrett, John
      Fink, Robert F. Simon, William H. Bassett, Ernesto Macias. ©
      26Nov70; LP39973.

    12. Busiest bride in the world. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland;
      director, Claudio Guzman; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Renne
      Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, Celeste Holm, William H.
      Bassett. © 3Dec70; LP39974.

    13. A case of spring fever. Credits: Producer & director, Jerome
      Courtland; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Renne Jarrett, John Fink,
      Robert F. Simon, Celeste Holm, William H. Bassett. © 10Dec70;
      LP39978.

    14. Boy's night out. Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland; director,
      Lou Antonio; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Renne Jarrett, John
      Fink, Robert F. Simon, Celeste Holm, William H. Bassett. ©
      17Dec70; LP39975.

    15. Never look a gift horse in the mouth. Credits: Producer, Jerome
      Courtland; director, Herb Wallerstein; story, William Canning;
      teleplay, William Canning & Alan Devon. Cast: Renne Jarrett, John
      Fink, Robert F. Simon, Celeste Holm, William H. Bassett. ©
      24Dec70; LP39976.

    16. Budget, budget, who's got the budget? Credits: Producer, Jerome
      Courtland; director, Allan Baron; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Renne
      Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F. Simon, William H. Bassett, Ernesto
      Macias. © 31Dec70; LP39977.

    17. A girl's best friend. Credits: Producer & director, Jerome
      Courtland; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Renne Jarrett, John
      Fink, Robert F. Simon, Celeste Holm, William H. Bassett. © 7Jan71
      (in notice: 1970); LP39979.

  NATIONAL ANTHEM. Saxton Graphic Associates. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Saxton Graphic Associates, Ltd.; 24Jun71; MP21857.

  THE NATIONAL WATER SAFETY TEST. American National Red Cross. 29 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © American National Red Cross; 1Jun71; MP21675.

  THE NATURE OF SOUND. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. 2d ed.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Ira M. Freeman.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Jan71;
      MP21789.

  THE NAVAJOS OF THE '70'S. Coleman Film Enterprises. Released by
    Centron Educational Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented in
    conjunction with Southwestern Educational Films.

    Credits: Adviser, J. Donald McIntyre.

    © Centron Corp., Inc.; 30Jun71; MP22014.

  NEGRO LEADERSHIP: 1900--. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  NEGRO LIFE AND LEADERSHIP, SECTION 1-3. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  NEGRO LIFE: 1865-1900. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  NEIGHBORLINESS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE NERVE IMPULSE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 22 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation
    biology program, unit 4: Physiology) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970); MP21740.

  NEST IN A FALLING TREE. See

    THE NIGHT DIGGER.

  NESTED LOOPS. Lesson 225. Edutronics Systems International. 9 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Tools) Loop film. © Edutronics Systems
    International, Inc.; 9Feb70; MP21899.

  NEVER LOOK A GIFT HORSE IN THE MOUTH. See

    NANCY. No. 15.

  NEVER LOOK A GIFT TRACTOR IN THE MOUTH. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  NEVER START TALKING UNLESS YOUR VOICE COMES OUT. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  NEVER TAKE YOUR WIFE TO A CONVENTION. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  NEVER TRUST A LITTLE OLD LADY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  NEW CASTLE ON THE DELAWARE. See

    LIVING HISTORY.

  NEW ENGLAND'S HERITAGE. See

    PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  NEW LION OF SONORA. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  A NEW LOOK AT CONFIRMATION (Filmstrip) Board of Parish Education,
    American Lutheran Church. Made by Augsburg Pub. House. 54 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Credits: Artist, Paul Konsterlie; photographer, Rohn Engh; AV
      editor, Betty Ellingboe.

    Appl. author: Augsburg Pub. House, employer for hire.

    © Augsburg Pub. House; 15Jul71; A279638.

  THE NEW VICE PRESIDENT. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS. Columbia Broadcasting
    System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
    Broadcasting System, Inc.

    A birthday tribute to Shostakovich. Telecast: Jan. 5, 1966. Credits:
      Producer & director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. ©
      2Jan66 (in notice: 1965); MP21817.

    Farewell to nationalism. Telecast: Nov. 30, 1964. Credits: Producer
      & director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. © 21Nov64;
      MP21853.

    Musical atoms, a study of intervals. Telecast: Nov. 29, 1965.
      Credits: Producer & director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard
      Bernstein. © 28Nov65; MP21815.

    Quiz-concert: How musical are you? Telecast: May 26, 1968. Credits:
      Producer & director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. ©
      22May68; MP21856.

    The sound of an orchestra. Telecast: Dec. 14, 1965. Credits:
      Producer & director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. ©
      5Dec65; MP21816.

    A tribute to Sibelius. Telecast: Feb. 19, 1965. Credits: Producer &
      director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. © 15Feb65;
      MP21814.

    What is sonata form? Telecast: Nov. 6, 1964. Credits: Producer &
      director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. © 3Nov64;
      MP21813.

    Young performers. Telecast: Jan. 28, 1965. Credits: Producer &
      director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. © 23Jan65;
      MP21851.

    Young performers. Telecast: Mar. 31, 1968. Credits: Producer &
      director, Roger Englander; writer, Leonard Bernstein. © 20Mar68;
      MP21850.

  NICE GIRLS MARRY STOCKBROKERS. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE NIGHT DIGGER. Yongestreet Productions. Released by
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel
    Nest in a falling tree, by Joy Cowley.

    Credits: Producers, Alan D. Courtney & Norman S. Powell; director,
      Alastair Reid; music composer & conductor, Bernard Herrmann;
      screenplay, Roald Dahl; director of photography, Alex Thomson.

    Cast: Patricia Neal, Pamela Brown, Nicholas Clay, Jean Anderson,
      Graham Crowden.

    © Yongestreet Productions; 6May71; LP39822.

  NIGHT GALLERY. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer, Rod Serling.

    Cast: Roddy McDowell, George Macready, Ossie Davis, Joan Crawford,
      Tom Bosley.

    © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Nov69; LP39894.

  NIGHT OF DARK SHADOWS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 93 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Producer & director, Dan Curtis; screenplay, Sam Hall;
      music composer & conductor, Robert Cobert; director of
      photography, Richard Shore; film editor, Charles Goldsmith.

    Cast: David Selby, Grayson Hall, Lara Parker, John Karlen, Nancy
      Barrett.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 12Aug71; LP39469.

  THE NIGHTINGALE'S TAIL. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
    Made by Omega Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. states
    prev. reg. & pub. NM: abridgment. © Omega Productions, Inc.; 16Apr71
    (in notice: 1970); MP21869.

  NIGHTMARE ROAD. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  NIGHT'S NICE. Viking Films Miniature Film Studios. Released by
    Sterling Educational Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the
    book by Barbara & Ed Emberly. © Sterling Educational Films, division
    of Walter Reade Organization, Inc. & Book Properties, Inc.,
    subsidiary of Doubleday & Co., Inc. (in notice: Doubleday & Co.,
    Inc. & Walter Reade Organization); 8Jul71; LP40216.

  NINE, TEN, YOU'RE DEAD. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  1971 CARS: LOW-SPEED CRASH COSTS. Pt. 1. Insurance Institute for
    Highway Safety. 27 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute
    for Highway Safety; 10Mar71; MP22051.

  1971 CARS: LOW-SPEED CRASH COSTS. Pt. 2. Insurance Institute for
    Highway Safety. 13 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute
    for Highway Safety; 17May71; MP22052.

  [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, CHRYSLER/IMPERIAL] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    13Sep71; JP13454.

  [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, PLYMOUTH FURY] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    13Sep71; JP13455.

  [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, PLYMOUTH SATELLITE] (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 61 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    13Sep71; JP13465.

  1972 DODGE AND FORD LIGHT-DUTY TRUCKS (Filmstrip) Dodge Division. 66
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.;
    10Dec71; JP13522.

  1972 PICKUP ROUNDUP STARRING THE BEST BRED TRUCK WEST OF THE PECOS
    (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 74
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 8Sep71; JP13467.

  [1972 SATELLITE VS. TORINO] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. 45 fr., color,
    35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec71;
    JP13525.

  NO DRUMS, NO BUGLES. Jud-Lee Productions. Released by Cinerama
    Releasing Corp. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, director & screenplay, Clyde Ware; music, Lyle
      Ritz; cinematographer, Richard McCarty; film editors, David
      Bretherton & Richard Halsey.

    Cast: Martin Sheen, Davey Davison, Rod McCary, Denine Terry, Carmen
      Costi.

    © Jud-Lee Productions, Inc.; 10Aug71; LP39904.

  NO MAN IS A MANHATTAN ISLAND. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 118.

  NO ONE AROUND. See

    HOW DO YOU DECIDE?

  NO PLACE TO HIDE. See

    PARIS 7000.

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  NO TREAD IN THE FLOUR PATCH. See

    SELLING TIRES.

  NO TRESPASSING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  NOBODY HERE BUT US CHICKENS. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  NOBODY HERE BUT US UNCLES. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  NOISE -- POLLUTING THE ENVIRONMENT. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 6May71; MP21868.

  THE NON-PROPOSAL. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE NOONDAY DEVIL. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THE NOOSE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  NORMAL PREMATURE INFANT. See

    ADMINISTERING MEDICATIONS TO THE PREMATURE INFANT.

    CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.

    DAILY CARE OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.

    EDUCATING THE PARENTS OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.

    GAVAGE FEEDING OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.

    INTRAVENOUS THERAPY FOR THE PREMATURE INFANT.

    PREPARING FOR ADMISSION OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.

  NOT ENOUGH. See

    HOW DO YOU DECIDE?

  NOT GUILTY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  NUMBER LINE. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  NUMBER, MEASUREMENT AND SPACE. See

    A PIAGET PRESCHOOL PROGRAM IN ACTION.

  NUMBER PATTERNS: PUZZLES WITH A PURPOSE (Filmstrip) Guidance
    Associates of Pleasantville, New York. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 50 fr.;
    pt. 2, 43 fr.), color, 35 mm. (First things: sound filmstrips for
    primary years. Mathematics) With Teacher's guide, 40 p.

    Credits: producer, Gary Goldberg; writer, Jeffrey Marlin;
      photographer, Ron Gabel; editor, Jere Kupecky; artist, Bruce
      Blair; consultants, Lola May & Ruth Moss.

    Appl. authors: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York,
      employer for hire of Lola J. May, Ruth Moss & Edward Campion.

    © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 22Oct71; A282394.


                                   O

  OS UPDATE RELEASE 20. Pt. 1, reel 1-2--pt. 2, reel 1-2. International
    Business Machines Corp. 4 motion pictures (45 min. each), sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) © International Business Machines Corp.; 14Jul71;
    MP21930, 21934-21935, 21932.

  OS UPDATE RELEASE 20.1. Pt. 1, reel 1. International Business Machines
    Corp. 53 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 13Jul71; MP21931.

  OS UPDATE RELEASE 20.1. Pt. 2, reel 3. International Business Machines
    Corp. 58 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 13Jul71; MP21933.

  OBSERVATION OF URINE AND FECES. Comprenetics. 18 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 14May71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21958.

  OBSERVING AND DESCRIBING. McGraw-Hill Films & Hanna-Barbera
    Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc. & Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.;
    20Dec69; MP21682.

  OCCUPIED BED MAKING. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 9 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study unit 8:
    Personal procedures care) Produced in collaboration with William
    Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Joyce Foldy, Dorothy Groner.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21729.

  THE OCEAN AND THE WORLD ECOSYSTEM. See

    MAN AND THE OCEAN.

  THE OCEAN FRONTIER. See

    MAN AND THE OCEAN.

  ODYSSEY IN BLACK. Lesson 1-14. Clark County School District. Made by
    KLVX-TV. 14 motion pictures (30 min. each), sd., b&w.

    Credits: Producer-director, John M. Harker; script writer, Pamela J.
      Brown.

    NM: compilation & additions.

    © Clark County School District & KLVX, Channel 10; 19Aug71; MU8347.

  OFF THE CAR DYNAMIC WHEEL BALANCE (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 51
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, AT E-3C)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Sheldon Abbott.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13500.

  OLD CARS FOR NEW. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  AN OLD FASHIONED CHRISTMAS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE OLD FOLKS HOME. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  OLD GAO STORYTELLERS (Filmstrip) Beacon Press. 22 fr., color, 35 mm. A
    filmstrip to accompany Man the culture builder, pt. 2, by Walter L.
    Bateman. © Laurence K. Marshall; 21Sep70; JP13412.

  OLD MAIL DAY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  OLD WHO CAME IN FROM THE SPY. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  OLIVER/OLIVER'S.

    For titles beginning with Oliver or Oliver's See GREEN ACRES.

  THE ONCE-OVER. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ONCE THERE WAS A WORLD. Films for Conservation Foundation. Made by
    Silvermine Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Cast: Joanne Woodward & Eddie Albert.

    Appl. author: Allan Kitchel, Jr.

    © Films for Conservation Foundation; 15Apr71; LP39864.

  ONCE UPON A FANG. See

    DAKTARI.

  ONE BY ONE THEY GO. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ONE DAY WE SHALL BE STRANGERS IN OUR OWN LAND. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  ONE DOZEN ROSES. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  ONE MORE GOODBYE. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  ONE OF OUR ASSEMBLYMEN IS MISSING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  ONE OF OUR CUBS IS MISSING. See

    DAKTARI.

  ONE RESPONSE (Filmstrip) Macmillan Educational Services. 48 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Macmillan Educational Services, Inc.; 5Apr71;
    JP13402.

  THE 1000 FEET DEEP BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 11.

  ONE WEEK TO GO. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE ONE WITH THE GUN. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  ONLY A HUSBAND. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  ONLY BOY IN THE CLASS. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  ONLY THE BAD COME TO SONORA. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  OPEN SPACE. Communico. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    19Aug70; MP21665.

  OPEN UP MY EYES. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films.
    10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Aug71; MP21993.

  THE OPERATING-ROOM TEAM. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series: Operating-room
    techniques, study unit 1: Orientation to the operating room)
    Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Robert Burr Bell, Dennis Filappone, Phyllis Fleming, Margaret
      H. McLaughlin, E. Alan Moretti.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21710.

  ORAL HYGIENE AND DENTURE CARE. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study
    unit 8: Personal procedures care) Produced in collaboration with
    William Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Lackana Deva-Pradip, Elizabeth Gruenberg, Josephine Wycall,
      Harry Ciomphoglio.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21726.

  ORAL HYGIENE FOR THE DEPENDENT PATIENT. Blakiston Division,
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing
    series, study unit 8: Personal procedures care) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Josephine Wycall, Harry Ciomphoglio.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21723.

  THE ORBIT FROM ABOVE. Teaching Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.; 22Jul71; MU8353.

  ORDEAL. See

    PARIS 7000.

  ORGAN TRANSPLANT. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  ORGANIZATION OF THE OPERATING-ROOM SUITE. Blakiston Division,
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series:
    Operating-room techniques, study unit 1: Orientation to the
    operating room) Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne,
    Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21711.

  THE ORIGIN OF LIFE. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Communications Group
    West. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Mallary Pearce. ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 3Sep71; MP22012.

  OUR FLAG TODAY (Filmstrip) Knowledge Aid. 26 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    kit.

    Credits: Author, James E. Pickering; illustrator, Georgia Liska.

    Appl. ti.: So proudly we hailed.

    © Knowledge Aid, whose full name is Knowledge Aid, div. MJE Corp.;
      26Mar71; A238304.

  OUR SON, THE BARBER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  OUT OF THE CRADLE ENDLESSLY ROCKING. See

    TO THE OUTSETTING BARD.

  OUTBACK. Group W Productions & NLT Productions. [France] Released in
    the U.S. by United Artists Corp, 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
    on the novel Wake in fright, by Kenneth Cook.

    Credits: Producer, George Willoughby; director, Ted Kotcheff;
      screenplay, Evan Jones; music, John Scott; director of
      photography, Brian West; editor, Anthony Buckley.

    Cast: Donald Pleasence, Gary Bond, Chips Rafferty, Sylvia Kay, Jack
      Thompson.

    © Group W Productions, Inc. & NLT Productions, Pty. Ltd.; 23Jul71;
      LP39702.

  OUTSIDER. See

    DAKTARI.

  OVER FIFTY? STEAL. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  OVER IN THE MEADOW. Weston Woods Studios. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    From the book retold by John Langstaff. © Weston Woods Studios,
    Inc.; 1Mar69; LP39826.

  OVERCROWDING. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  OVERHEARD. See

    HOW DO YOU DECIDE?

  OVERVIEW. Macmillan Educational Services. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Effective questioning, elementary level: A minicourse) Appl. states
    prev. reg. & prev. pub. 4May70, MP21821-21831, & 11May70, MP21956.
    NM: additions & revisions. © Macmillan Educational Services, Inc.;
    4Jan71; MP22059.


                                   P

  P. C. FRIEND, RAILROAD AGENT. Communico. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Communico, Inc.; 15Jun71; MP21664.

  P.C.V. SYSTEMS: OPERATION AND SERVICE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, L11-A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster; graphics, Dean Crawford,
      Jr.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 1Dec71; JP13569.

  THE PACEMAKER PATIENT (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 140 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Cardiac care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 1Jul71; JP13367.

  PAINT PREPARATION (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 42 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Automotive technology, N-2)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Paul Wells.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13489.

  PAINT PROBLEMS (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 40 fr. color, 35 mm.
    (Automotive technology, N-6)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Paul Wells.

    Appl. states prev. reg. JP12524. NM: editorial revision & new
      photography.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13495.

  PAKISTAN: A TWO-PART NATION. McGraw-Hill Films. 19 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Authentic Pictures. Appl.
    author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 24Mar71 (in
    notice: 1970); MP21680.

  PALACE OF CLAMPETT SAN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  PALE WARRIOR. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  THE PANIC IN NEEDLE PARK. Gadd Productions Corp. & Didion-Dunne, Inc.
    Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 116 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. From the book by James Mills.

    Credits: Producer, Dominick Dunne; director, Jerry Schatzberg;
      screenplay, Joan Didion & John Gregory Dunne.

    Cast: Al Pacinio, Kitty Winn, Alan Vint, Richard Bright, Kiel
      Martin.

    © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 17Jul71; LP40226.

  PANIOLO. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  PAPA CARLOS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  PARICUTIN: A VOLCANO IS BORN. See

    VOLCANOES.

  PARIS 7000. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

    Call me Ellen. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc; writer, Richard
      Bluel. Cast: George Hamilton, Barbara Anderson, Paul Henreid,
      Richard Devon, Jacqeus Aubuchon. © 26Mar70; LP39509.

    Elegy for Edward Shelby. Credits: Director, Robert Day; writer,
      Michael Gleason. Cast: George Hamilton, Elizabeth Allen, Warren
      Stevens, Belinda Montgomery, Jacques Aubuchon. © 12Mar70; LP39507.

    The last grand tour. Credits: Director, Don Weis; writer, Robert
      Malcom Young. Cast: George Hamilton, Jack Albertson, Martha Scott,
      Karin Arthur, Hubert Rudley. © 19Mar70; LP39508.

    No place to hide. Credits: Director, Philip Leacock; writers, Norman
      Katkov & Michael Gleason. Cast: George Hamilton, Joe Campanella,
      Nina Foch, Jacques Aubuchon, Gene Raymond. © 29Jan70; LP39505.

    Ordeal. Credits: Director, Lewis Allen; teleplay, Paul Playdon &
      Michael Gleason. Cast: George Hamilton, Wilfred Hyde-White, Gene
      Raymond, Greg Mullavey, John Orchard. © 26Feb70; LP40318.

    Shattered idol. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc; writers, Richard
      Caffey & John Wilder. Cast: George Hamilton, William Shatner,
      Carol Lawrence, Roger Perry, Jacques Aubuchon. © 5Mar70; LP39506.

    A time for lying. Credits: Producers, John Wilder & Michael Gleason;
      director, Marc Daniels; writers, Gene Cool & John Wilder. Cast:
      George Hamilton, E. G. Marshall, Ann Baxter, Robert Ellenstein,
      Pamela McMyler. © 22Jan70; LP39504.

  THE PARISH COUNCIL (Filmstrip) Xicom. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. Produced
    in cooperation with U.S. Catholic Conference, Division for Adult
    Education.

    Credits: Presented, Bishop Matthew.

    © Xicom, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13232.

  PARISH COUNCIL COMMITTEES (Filmstrip) Xicom. 33 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with U.S. Catholic Conference, Division for
    Adult Education.

    Credits: Presented, Bishop Matthew.

    © Xicom, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13229.

  PARITY BEGINS AT HOME. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE PARK. Communico. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    13May70; MP21671.

  PAROTID AND SUBMANDIBULAR REGIONS. Teaching Films. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.;
    22Jul71; MU8352.

  THE PARTNERSHIP. BNA Films. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to
    advance your husband's career) © BNA, Inc.; 21Jun71; MP21677.

  PARTY LINE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  PATCH: POSITIVE APPROACH TO CHANGING HUMANS. Shoreline Public Schools.
    18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Pearl Marcia McBeath &
    John Michael Seremeta. © Shoreline Public Schools; 23Jul70; MP22086.

  PATROL PROCEDURES. I. Woroner Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Woroner Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MU8356.

  PATRON OF SANTA THOMASINA. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  THE PATTY DUKE SHOW. Chrislaw Productions. Canada. Released by United
    Artists Television. Approx. 27 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © United
    Artists Television, Inc. Going steady. © 11Feb64; LP40229.

  THE PAYOFF. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  PAYOFF IN THE PIAZZA. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  PEER GROUP. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  PENNEYS WAITRESS SERVICE TRAINING. (Filmstrip) J. C. Penney Co. 144
    fr., color, 35 mm. With cassette script (40 1.) Appl. ti.: Food
    service waitress training program. © J. C. Penney Co., Inc.; 8Jul71;
    A287276.

  PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources
    Development Center. Distributed by Society for Visual Education. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products)

    Contents: T248-1--T248-6: Thanksgiving. 35 fr.--George Washington.
      40 fr.--Abraham Lincoln. 36 fr.--The growth of an American city.
      35 fr.--Colonial children. 34 fr.--New England's heritage. 43 fr.

    © Teaching Resources Development Center, div. The Communicators,
      Inc.; 31Mar71 (in notice: 1970); JP13555.

  PEOPLE AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Vocational
    Education Productions, California State Polytechnic College. 55 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with School of Agriculture &
    Natural Resources, California State Polytechnic College.

    Credits: Director, Clyde Hostetter; script & supervision, Steven C.
      LaMarine; art work, Marguerite Costigan; photography, James
      Crissey.

    © California State Polytechnic College Foundation; 23Jul71; JP13361.

  PEOPLE WHO LIKE PEOPLE ARE CANNIBALS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  PERCEPTIVE DRIVING. Allstate Insurance Co., Driver Education &
    Training Divisions. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Cinemascope. ©
    Allstate Insurance Co.; 15Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP22050.

  PERIO-AID (Filmstrip) Professional Education & Research. 46 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Professional Education & Research, division of
    Patrick Productions, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13558.

  PERMANENT CHEMICAL STRAIGHTENING. Allan Keith Productions. 31 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Oct68;
    MP21836.

  PERSONAL HYGIENE FOR BOYS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Carl A. Troester, Jr.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Mar71;
      MP21799.

  PETER ALEXANDER. ETS Program Service. Made by KCET-TV. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71;
    MP22082.

  PETER'S CHAIR. Weston Woods Studios. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From
    the book by Ezra Jack Keats. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston
    Woods Studios, Inc.; 1Jul71; LP39925.

  PETTICOAT JUNCTION. Wayfilms. Approx. 29 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. A
    Filmways television presentation. © Wayfilms.

    All sales final. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 30Dec67; LP39609.

    All that buzzes ain't bees. Credits: Writer, Peggy Elliott. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 23Dec67; LP39608.

    The almost annual charity show. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart &
      Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 1Nov66; LP39570.

    Author! Author! Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 28Mar67; LP39586.

    Bad day at Shady Rest. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae, Mike Minor. © 2Mar68; LP39545.

    The baffling raffle. Credits: Writers, Howard Harris & Arthur Marx.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Linda Saunders &
      Gunilla Hutton. © 21Dec65; LP39513.

    The barber shop quartet. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae, Mike Minor. © 20Jan68; LP39540.

    Bedloe's successor. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders &
      Smiley Burnette. © 30Nov65; LP39521.

    Better never than late. Credits: Writer, Ben Starr. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla
      Hutton. © 4Jan66 (in notice: 1965); LP39525.

    Betty Jo catches the bouquet. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 11Jan66; LP39526.

    Betty Jo goes to New York. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders & Smiley Burnette. © 23Nov65; LP39520.

    Betty Jo's bike. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Howard Harris.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Smiley Burnette. © 10May66; LP39566.

    Billie Jo's independence day. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 18Jan66; LP39527.

    Birdman of Shady Rest. Credits: Writer, Charles Stewart. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 20Sep66; LP39568.

    Bobbie Jo's sorority. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Gunilla Hutton. © 26Oct65; LP39550.

    The butler did it. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders & Smiley
      Burnette. © 28Dec65; LP39524.

    Cannonball for sale. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae, Mike Minor. © 9Mar68; LP39546.

    A cottage for two. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 14Oct67; LP39598.

    The country fair. Credits: Writers, Lila Garret & Bernie Kahn. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla
      Hutton. © 8Feb66; LP39530.

    The crowded wedding ring. Credits: Writer, Ben Starr. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders & Smiley
      Burnette. © 7Dec65; LP39522.

    Dear Minerva. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Linda Saunders & Gunilla
      Hutton. © 14Sep65; LP39512.

    A doctor in the house. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda
      Kaye, Lori Saunders & Gunilla Hutton. © 2Nov65; LP39517.

    The dog turns playboy. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Linda Saunders &
      Gunilla Hutton. © 28Sep65; LP39514.

    Don't call us. Credits: Writers, Dick Conway & Al Schwartz. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 21Feb67; LP39581.

    The eternal rectangle. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 18Apr67; LP39589.

    Every bachelor should have a family. Credits: Writer, Erna Lazarus.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Gunilla Hutton. © 19Apr66; LP39563.

    The fishing derby. Credits: Writer, Dick Conway. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 14Mar67; LP39584.

    Girl of our dreams. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith MacRae,
      Mike Minor. © 3Feb68; LP39542.

    Go away, fat. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 9May67; LP39592.

    The good luck ring. Credits: Writers, Howard Harris & Arthur Marx.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders &
      Gunilla Hutton. © 5Oct65; LP39515.

    Hawaii calling. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 11Nov67; LP39602.

    Hey look me over! Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 28Feb67; LP39582.

    Higgins come home. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 27Jan68; LP39541.

    His highness the dog. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 17Jan67; LP39578.

    The honeymoon is over. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 25Nov67; LP39604.

    Hooterville a go go. Credits: Writers, Charles Tannen & George
      O'Hanlon. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders & Smiley Burnette. © 9Nov65; LP39518.

    The Hooterville hurricane. Credits: Writers, David Braverman & Bob
      Marcus. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders & Smiley Burnette. © 16Nov65; LP39519.

    Hooterville Valley project. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston; story, Ronny Pearlman. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar
      Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 3May66;
      LP39565.

    Hooterville, you're all heart. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart &
      Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 27Sep66; LP39569.

    A horse on you, Mr. Bedloe. Credits: Writer, Dick Conway. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 2Dec67; LP39605.

    A house divided. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders &
      Meredith MacRae. © 2May67; LP39591.

    How bugged was my valley? Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 15Nov66; LP39571.

    The invisible Mr. Dobble. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 22Feb66; LP39532.

    Is there a doctor in the valley? Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart &
      Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Smiley Burnette. © 13Dec66; LP39574.

    Is this my daughter? Credits: Writer, Charles Stewart. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 9Sep67; LP39593.

    It's not easy being a mother. Credits: Writer, Charles Stewart.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 16Sep67; LP39594.

    It's not the principle, it's the money. Credits: Writers, David
      Braverman & Bob Marcus. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda
      Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 1Mar66; LP39533.

    Joe Carson, general contractor. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders & Gunilla Hutton. © 12Oct65; LP39516.

    Jury at the Shady Rest. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Gunilla Hutton. © 15Feb66; LP39531.

    Kate Bradley, peacemaker. Credits: Teleplay, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston; story, Poot Pray & Tom Koch. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar
      Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 5Apr66;
      LP39561.

    Kate sells the hotel. Credits: Writer, Ray Allen. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla
      Hutton. © 29Mar66; LP39560.

    Kate's big deal. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 21Mar67; LP39585.

    Kate's birthday. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 18Nov67; LP39603.

    Kate's cousin Mae. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 25Apr67; LP39590.

    Kate's day in court. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 9Dec67; LP39606.

    Kate's homecoming. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 30Mar68; LP39549.

    Mae's helping hand. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith MacRae,
      Mike Minor. © 24Feb68; LP39544.

    Meet the in-laws. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 28Oct67; LP39600.

    Mind if we join your wedding? Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart &
      Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 21Oct67; LP39599.

    My daughter the secretary. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 27Dec66; LP39576.

    My pal Sam. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway. Cast:
      Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith MacRae, Mike
      Minor. © 16Mar68; LP39547.

    One dozen roses. Credits: Writer, Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet,
      Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith MacRae. ©
      23Sep67; LP39595.

    Only boy in the class. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Gunilla Hutton. © 1Feb66; LP39529.

    Pop goes the question. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 7Oct67; LP39597.

    The power of the press. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 6Jan68; LP39538.

    Ring-a-ding-ding. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith MacRae,
      Mike Minor. © 23Mar68; LP39548.

    Rise and fall of a tycoon. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 3Jan67; LP39577.

    The runt strikes back. Credits: Writer, Dick Conway. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 29Nov66; LP29573.

    The Santa Claus special. Credits: Writers, Paul Henning & Mark
      Tuttle. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 20Dec66; LP39575.

    Shoplifter at Shady rest. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 14Feb67 (in notice: 1966); LP39551.

    A star is born? Credits: Writers, Dick Conway & Al Schwartz. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 7Feb67; LP39580.

    Steve the apple polisher. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae, Mike Minor. © 13Jan68; LP39539.

    Steve's ol' buddy. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 4Apr67; LP39587.

    Temperance! Temperance! Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 31Jan67; LP39579.

    That was the night that was. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart &
      Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 11Apr67; LP39588.

    That's Max? Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 7Mar67; LP39583.

    Twenty-five years too late. Credits: Writer, Charles Stewart. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 22Nov66; LP39572.

    Uncle Joe and the master plan. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart &
      Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 16Dec67; LP39607.

    Uncle Joe runs the hotel. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae, Mike Minor. © 10Feb68; LP39543.

    War of the hotels. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston. Cast:
      Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla
      Hutton. © 8Mar66; LP39534.

    What ever happened to Betty Jo? Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 12Apr66; LP39562.

    What's a trajectory? Credits: Writers, Fred Fox & Irving Elinson.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders &
      Smiley Burnette. © 21Dec65; LP39523.

    The windfall. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou Huston. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla
      Hutton. © 15Mar66; LP39559.

    With this gown I thee wed. Credits: Writer, Joanna Lee. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 4Nov67; LP39601.

    Yogurt, anyone? Credits: Writer, Clifford Goldsmith. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla
      Hutton. © 25Jan66; LP39528.

    You know I can't hear you when the thunder is clapping. Credits:
      Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar
      Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 30Sep67;
      LP39596.

    Young love. Credits: Writer, Ronny Pearlman. Cast: Bea Benaderet,
      Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith MacRae. ©
      13Sep66; LP39567.

    The young matchmakers. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda
      Kaye, Lori Saunders, Gunilla Hutton. © 26Apr66; LP39564.

  PETTICOAT JUNCTION. Wayfilms. Approx. 29 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    A Filmways television presentation. © Wayfilms.

    The all night party. Credits: Writer, Dick Conway. Cast: Bea
      Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders, Meredith
      MacRae. © 11Oct66; LP39556.

    Cannonball, Inc. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 18Oct66; LP39557.

    Girls! Girls! Girls! Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Don Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 24Jan67; LP39552.

    The great race. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Edgar Buchanan, June Lockhart, Linda Kaye Henning, Mike
      Minor, Lori Saunders. © 15Mar69; LP39535.

    He loves us, he loves us not. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 4Oct66; LP39555.

    Kate grounds Selma Plout. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Meredith MacRae. © 25Oct66; LP39558.

    Only a husband. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick Conway.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Meredith MacRae. © 19Oct68; LP39536.

    Second honeymoon. Credits: Writers, Danny Simon & Rich Mittleman.
      Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori Saunders,
      Gunilla Hutton. © 22Mar66; LP39554.

    Uncle Joe plays post office. Credits: Writers, Al Schwartz & Lou
      Huston. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye, Lori
      Saunders, Smiley Burnette. © 14Dec65; LP39553.

    The valley has a baby. Credits: Writers, Charles Stewart & Dick
      Conway. Cast: Bea Benaderet, Edgar Buchanan, Linda Kaye Henning,
      Mike Minor, Lori Saunders. © 26Oct68; LP39537.

  PETUNIA. Audio Visual Aids. Released by Weston Woods Studios. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. From the book by Roger Duvoisin. © Alfred A.
    Knopf, Inc.; 1Oct71; LP40308.

  PHANTOM DHOW. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  PHANTOM FIFTH FLOOR. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE PHANTOM FREIGHTER. Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Communico, Inc.; 2Mar70; MP21776.

  PHASES OF THE MOON. See

    WONDERS OF NATURE.

  PHOENIX, ARIZONA. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 13.

  THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 29 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. An ABC presentation. Based on the novel
    House party, by Patrick Dennis. Produced in cooperation with PhilDil
    Productions. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc. & PhilDil Productions,
    Ltd.

    The ghost of Pruitt mansion. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon
      Packard. © 27Jan67; LP39847.

    Goddess of love. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard. Cast:
      Phyllis Diller, Billy De Wolfe, Marty Ingels, Grady Sutton. ©
      10Mar67; LP39851.

    A house is not a zoo. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard. ©
      7Apr67; LP39855.

    How to rob a millionaire. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon
      Packard. © 10Feb67 (in notice: 1966); LP39844.

    Krump, the playboy. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard.
      Cast: Phyllis Diller, Pam Freeman, Marty Ingels. © 24Mar67;
      LP39853.

    Learn to be a millionaire. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon
      Packard. © 20Jan67; LP39846.

    Little miss fixit. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard. ©
      13Jan67; LP39845.

    Marry a million. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard. ©
      3Mar67; LP39850.

    My sister-in-law Phyllis. Credits: Writers, Joseph C. Cavella &
      Carol Cavella. Cast: Phyllis Diller, John Astin, Pam Freeman,
      Richard Deacon. © 17Mar67; LP39852.

    Nobody here but us chickens. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon
      Packard. Cast: Phyllis Diller, Reginald Gardiner, John Austin,
      Billy De Wolfe. © 17Feb67; LP39849.

    Phyllis, the bat girl. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard.
      © 24Feb67 (in notice: 1966); LP39843.

    Phyllis, the beauty queen. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon
      Packard. © 31Mar67; LP39854.

    Portrait of Krump. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard.
      Cast: Phyllis Diller, Pam Freeman, Marty Ingels, Billy De Wolfe,
      Grady Sutton. © 3Feb67; LP39848.

  PHYLLIS.

    For other titles beginning with Phyllis See THE PRUITTS OF
      SOUTHAMPTON.

  THE PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT. See

    MAN AND THE OCEAN.

  A PIAGET PRESCHOOL PROGRAM IN ACTION. Pt. 1-2: Number, measurement and
    space. (Filmstrip) 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 77 fr.; pt. 2, 72 fr.)
    color, 35 mm. Knowledge Tree Films. (Master teachers)

    Credits: Producer, Sidney Seltzer; photographer, John McCullough;
      With Dr. Celia Stendler Lavatelli.

    © Center for Media Development, Inc.; 20Aug71; JP13411.

  PIAGET'S DEVELOPMENTAL THEORY: FORMAL THOUGHT. Davidson Films. 32
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Davidson Films; 1Jul71; MP21780.

  PICNIC. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  A PICTURE FOR HAROLD'S ROOM. Weston Woods Studios. 6 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. From the book by Crockett Johnson.

    Credits: Director, Gene Deitch; music, Leopold Kozeluh; writer &
      illustrator, Crockett Johnson.

    Appl. author: Morton Schindel.

    © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 13Oct71; LP40003.

  PIG IN A POKE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  PIKE, PT. 1-2. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THE PILGRIM STORY. Laura Schaefer White. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Laura Schaefer White; 17May71; MP21672.

  PINK BLUE PLATE. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.;
    18Jul71; LP40164.

  THE PINK FLEA. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.;
    15Sep71; LP40166.

  PINK-IN. Mirisch-Geoffrey-Depatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.; 20Oct71;
    LP40231.

  PINK PRANKS. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.;
    18Aug71; LP40165.

  PINK TUBA-DORE. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.;
    4Aug71; LP40163.

  LE PISTONNE (The man with connections) Renn Productions & Columbia
    Films. Released by Royal Films International. 91 min., sd., color,
    35 mm.

    Credits: Director, Claude Berri; music, Georges Moustaki;
      photographers, Alain Derobe, Jean Chabaud, Yves Agostini.

    Cast: Guy Bedoes, Georges Geret, Jean-Pierre Marielle, Claude
      Pieplu, Rosy Varte.

    Appl. states prev. pub. 1970. NM: editing, English dialog &
      additions.

    © Renn Productions & Columbia Films, S.A.; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP39226.

  PITTSBURGH. See

    THE AMERICAN POOR: A SELF-PORTRAIT.

  PLACE VALUE. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950'S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES
    (Filmstrip) Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of Southern Audio
    Visual Corp. Made by Jamieson Film Co. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Pt. 1-2: Prelude to revolution. 53 fr.--The
      crises--social, political, economic. 39 fr.

    Credits: By Sue Eakin.

    © Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of Southern Audio Visuals
      Corp. (in notice: Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of Southern
      Audio Visual Corp.); 15Dec71; JP13548, 13550.

  PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950'S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.
    Pt. 4: In the wake of the revolution (Filmstrip) Louisiana Audio
    Visuals, a division of Southern Audio Visual Corp. Made by Jamieson
    Film Co. 45 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: By Sue Eakin.

    © Louisiana Audio Visuals, a division of Southern Audio Visual
      Corp.; 15Dec71; JP13552.

  PLAY IT AGAIN, CHARLIE BROWN. Lee Mendelson Film Productions & Bill
    Melendez Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with United Feature Syndicate.

    Credits: Writer, Charles M. Schulz.

    © United Feature Syndicate: 28Mar71; LP39330.

  PLAZA SUITE. Paramount Pictures Corp. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Adapted from the Broadway play by Neil Simon.

    Credits: Producer, Howard W. Koch; director, Arthur Hiller;
      screenplay, Neil Simon; music composer & conductor, Maurice Jarre;
      director of photography, Jack Marta; film editor, Frank Bracht.

    Cast: Walter Matthau, Maureen Stapleton, Barbara Harris, Lee Grant,
      Jennie Sulivan.

    © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 31Dec70; LP39194.

  THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE. Arthur Gould. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Arthur Gould; 2Aug71; MP21863.

  PLOT FOR GRANNY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  POISONS, PILLS, PRESERVATIVES AND PRESSURES. See

    SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.

  POLAR COORDINATES. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film.
    © Macmillan Co.; 14Dec70; MP21733.

  POLITICAL SCIENCE SERIES. See

    CITY GOVERNMENT.

  POLLUTION CONTROL: THE HARD DECISIONS. Bureau of National Affairs.
    Made by BNA Films. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Managing
    discontinuity) A Quest production. © B.N.A., Inc.; 23Nov71; MP22077.

  POLLUTION IN PERSPECTIVE: OUR AIR AND WATER. General Electric Co. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © General Electric Co.; 1Jul71; MP21922.

  POLLUTION IN PERSPECTIVE: SOLID WASTES. General Electric Co. 17 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © General Electric Co.; 1Jul71; MP21923.

  POLLUTION SOLUTION. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  POLLUTION, UNEMPLOYMENT AND INFLATION. See

    SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.

  POLLY WANTS A CRACK IN THE HEAD. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  POLLY WANTS A DOUGLAS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  POLLY'S SECRET LIFE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  POOL. Lexington School of Modern Dance. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Lexington School of Modern Dance, Inc.; 1Sep68; MP21861.

  POOLE'S PARADISE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  POOR FARMER. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  POP GOES THE QUESTION. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  POP, THE ASTRONAUT. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  PORTRAIT OF KRUMP. See

    THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.

  POSITIONING THE SURGICAL PATIENT. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series: Operating-room
    techniques, study unit 3: Preliminary preparation of the patient for
    surgery) Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Robert Burr Bell, Mary Burke, Charles Youmans.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21718.

  POSSUM DAY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  POSSUM DAY PARADE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  POSTERIOR TRIANGLE OF THE NECK. Teaching Films. 13 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.; 24Jun71;
    MU8337.

  THE POWER OF SUGGESTION. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  POWER OF THE PRESS. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  PRACTICE LESSON: MODEL A, MODEL B. Far West Laboratory for Educational
    Research & Development. Made by Macmillan Educational Services. 1
    reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Mini course, effective questioning:
    Elementary level) © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research &
    Development; 4May70; MP21823.

  PREACHERMAN. Preacherman Corp. Released by Carolina Film Industries.
    86 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Albert T. Viola; screenplay, Harvey
      Flaxman & Albert T. Viola; music, W. Henry Smith & Roland Pope.

    Cast: Amos Huxley, Ilene Kristen, Adam Hesse, Marian Brown, Esty F.
      Davis.

    © Preacherman Corp.; 22Apr71; LP40126.

  PRE-COLONIAL EUROPE (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 44 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Writer, Benton Caldwell.

    © MSJC Productions a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District;
      1Feb71; JP13275.

  PREDICTING. See

    EXPERIMENTING.

  PRELUDE TO REVOLUTION. See

    PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950'S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.

  PREOPERATIVE PREPARATION OF THE SURGICAL PATIENT. Blakiston Division,
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Robert Burr Bell, William Gary, E. Alan Moretti, Christina M.
      Remus.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21803.

  PREPARATION OF SURGICAL LINEN. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series: Operating-room
    techniques, study unit 2: Preliminary preparation for surgery)
    Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Phyllis Fleming, Helen Kirkland, Dorothea Marie McLaughlin,
      Anna Jane Parmley.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21713.

  PREPARING FOR ADMISSION OF THE PREMATURE INFANT. McGraw-Hill. 5 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (The Normal premature infant) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); MP21695.

  PREVENTING CUTTING AND WELDING FIRES. Factory Mutual Engineering Corp.
    Made by Bay State Film Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Hilding Carlson. © Factory Mutual Engineering Corp.;
    5Apr71; MP21661.

  PREVENTISTRY--PREVENTIVE DENTISTRY (Filmstrip) Professional Education
    & Research. 96 fr., color, 35 mm. © Professional Educational &
    Research, a division of Patrick Productions, Inc.; 6Jun71; JP13291.

  PRICE OF APPLES. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  PRINTED WORD. See

    HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY.

  THE PRISONER OF CHILLON. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC filmstrip series,
    Great British narrative poems. Appl. author: Krantz Films, Inc.
    Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: revision & additions. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 4Jun71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21767.

  PRIVATE EYE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  PRIZE IN EVERY PACKAGE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  PROBLEMS OF AMERICAN DEMOCRACY. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  PROBLEMS OF THE NEW NATION. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  PROBLEMS PEOPLE HAD MOVING WEST. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  PROCESS EDUCATION FOR TEACHERS. See

    MODELS OF TEACHER BEHAVIOR.

  PROF. Peter L. Klinge. 3 reels, sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Screenplay by Peter Klinge & Keith McCandless.

    © Peter L. Klinge; 21Jul71; LU3612.

  THE PROFESSIONAL & CORONET FOR '72 (Filmstrip) Dodge Division,
    Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 8Sep71; JP13460.

  PROFESSIONAL MACHINE ROUTING. Darrell Ward Productions. 18 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Darrell Ward & Patricia Ward d.b.a. Darrell Ward
    Productions; 27Sep71; MP22064.

  PROFILE OF AMERICANS (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 65 fr., b&w, 35
    mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Nov. 1971) With kit. © New York
    Times Co.; 1Nov71; A279644.

  PROFILE: US-2ER (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. Made by Broadman
    Films. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. NM: script
    adaptation. © Broadman Films; 2Aug71; A267742.

  PROGRAM DESIGN TECHNIQUES. Lesson 421. Edutronics Systems
    International. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 27Mar71; MP21901.

  PROGRAMMED FOR DANGER. See

    IRONSIDE.

  PROGRAMMING. See

    LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.

  PROJECT FLORIDA. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  PROJECT X. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  PROPERTIES OF LIGHT. General Electric Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Director & writer, Forney Miller; director of photography,
      John Goerg; cinematographer/editor, Rod Adrian.

    © General Electric Co.; 1Sep71; MP21988.

  PROSPECTING & WARM-UP (Filmstrip) Paul Indianer & Co. 66 fr., color,
    16 mm. (An Instructional program for successful selling, pt. 1) ©
    Paul Indianer & Co., Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13239.

  THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 29 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. An ABC presentation. Based on the novel
    House party, by Patrick Dennis. Produced in cooperation with PhilDil
    Productions. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc. & PhilDil Productions,
    Ltd.

    The hubcap caper. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard. Cast:
      Phyllis Diller. © 20Dec66; LP39841.

    My brother Harvey. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard.
      Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 3Jan67; LP39842.

    Phyllis beats the rap. Credits: Writers, Roy Kammerman & Sid Mandel.
      Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 20Sep66; LP39829.

    Phyllis entertains royalty. Credits: Writers, J. E. Selby & Stanley
      H. Silverman. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 1Nov66; LP39835.

    Phyllis fires the butler. Credits: Writers, Roy Kammerman & Sid
      Mandel. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 11Oct66; LP39832.

    Phyllis goes arty. Credits: Writers, Stan Dreben & Sid Mandel. Cast:
      Phyllis Diller. © 6Dec66; LP39839.

    Phyllis goes broke. Pilot script. Credits: Teleplay, Lawrence J.
      Cohen, Fred Freeman & Stanley Roberts; story, Lawrence J. Cohen &
      Fred Freeman. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 6Sep66; LP39827.

    Phyllis goes commercial. Credits: Writers, Bill Morrow & Keith
      Fowler. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 25Oct66; LP39834.

    Phyllis, queen of the road. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon
      Packard. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 27Dec66 (in notice: 1967);
      LP39931.

    Phyllis saves the day. Credits: Writers, Sid Zelinka, Bill Morrow,
      Keith Fowler. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 18Oct66; LP39833.

    Phyllis, take a letter. Credits: Writers, Lawrence J. Cohen & Fred
      Freeman. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 27Sep66; LP39830.

    Phyllis, the cookie tycoon. Credits: Writers, Sid Zelinka & Howard
      Harris. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 4Oct66; LP39831.

    Phyllis, the dressmaker. Credits: Writers, Howard Harris & Sydney
      Zelinka. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 29Nov66; LP39838.

    Phyllis, the general stealer. Credits: Writers, Hannibal Coons &
      Harry Winkler. Cast: Phyllis Diller. © 22Nov66; LP39837.

    Phyllis, the milkmaid. Credits: Teleplay, Sid Mandel, Roy Kammerman
      & Leo Rifkin; story, Sid Mandel & Roy Kammerman. Cast: Phyllis
      Diller, Reginald Gardiner, Pam Freeman, Grady Sutton, Gypsy Rose
      Lee. © 13Sep66; LP39828.

    Phyllis, the upstairs girl. Credits: Writer, Roy Kammerman. Cast:
      Phyllis Diller. © 15Nov66; LP39836.

    Santa was a lady. Credits: Writers, Lou Derman & Elon Packard. Cast:
      Phyllis Diller. © 13Dec66; LP39840.

  PSALM 104. Sim Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Morton Schindel. © Sim Productions, Inc.; 1Dec69; LP39930.

  PSST PINK. Mirisch-Geoffrey-Depatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.;
    15Sep71; LP40230.

  PUBLIC GOOD AND EMINENT DOMAIN. See

    SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.

  PUCE ALERT. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  LOS PUEBLOS COLONIALES. See

    EL MEXICO HISPANICO.

  PUNISHMENT PARK. Francoise Films. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Francoise Films, Ltd.; 24May71; LP39208.

  PUR$UIT OF HAPPINE$$ THE MATERIALI$TIC WAY. Karl Baptiste Lohmann, Jr.
    Distributed by Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Karl
    Baptiste Lohmann, Jr.; 31Dec63; MP21950.

  PUT YOUR DREAMS AWAY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  PUTTING THE WORK IN. See

    LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.

  PUZZLE OF A DOWNFALL CHILD. Newman-Foreman Co. & Jerrold Schatzberg
    Productions. Released by Universal Pictures. 104 min., sd., color,
    35 mm.

    Cast: Faye Dunaway, Barry Primus, Shirley Rich, Viveca Lindfors,
      Barry Morse.

    © Universal Pictures, Newman-Foreman Co., Inc. & Jerrold Schatzberg
      Productions, Inc.; 18Dec70; LP39253.

  PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT. See

    HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY.


                                   Q

  A QUEST FOR SURVIVAL. ABC Sports. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © ABC
    Sports, Inc.; 4Mar71; MP21674.

  QUIZ-CONCERT: HOW MUSICAL ARE YOU. See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.


                                   R

  RABBI AND THE NUN. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  THE RAILRODDER. National Film Board of Canada, Montreal. 25 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © National Film Board of Canada; 10Dec65; LF84.

  RAIN. Eric Productions. Distributed by Walt Disney Educational
    Materials Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Eric
    Productions, Inc., employer for hire. © Walt Disney Educational
    Materials Co.; 25Jun70; LP39503.

  THE RAINBOW BEAR. Bill Melendez Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 35
    mm. © Bill Melendez Productions, Inc.; 12Jul71 (in notice: 1970);
    LP39493.

  RAINS CAME. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  RALPH'S NUPTIALS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE RANSOM. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  RANSOM FOR RAJI. See

    MAYA.

  RAPPING WITH THE WORLD (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 51 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 19May71; JP13417.

  RASSLIN' CLAMPETTS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  RATMAN'S NOTEBOOKS. See

    WILLARD.

  RATTLE OF A SINGLE GIRL. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 114.

  RAUNCH. John Eldon Swanson. 75 min., sd., color. © John Eldon Swanson;
    1Dec71; LU3617.

  THE RAVAGED LAND. George Peabody College. Released by John Wiley &
    Sons. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Eugene Dietz.

    © George Peabody College (in notice: Peabody College); 28Oct71;
      MP22042.

  REACHING YOUR READER. Centron Educational Films. 18 min., sd., color,
    16 mm.

  Credits: Adviser & writer, John W. Clifford.

  © Centron Corp., Inc.; 30Jul71; MP21948.

  READERS' GUIDE READY REFERENCE (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center.
    31 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Violet Priestley. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 16Jan63; JP8033. NM: additions. © Violet Priestley d.b.a.
    Library Filmstrip Center; 6Jun69; JP13364.

  READING IS PRIDE. Metropolitan Applied Research Center. 36 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Based upon the program Action reading, developed by
    George Cureton.

    Credits: Producer & director, Gene Ayres.

    © Metropolitan Applied Research Center, Inc.; 23Aug71; MU8361.

  A REAL NICE NEIGHBOR. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  REAR AXLE AND SUSPENSIONS. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  RECEIVING DEPOSITS. See

    [TELLER TRAINING]

  THE RECITAL. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  RECONVERSION OF SISTER SHAPIRO. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  RECREATION, ARTS, AND CRAFTS. See

    ALASKA.

  RECYCLING WASTE. Journal Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Reinald Werrenrath, Jr.; 1May71;
    MP21643.

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW. Van Bernard Productions. Approx. 60 min. each,
    sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network. © Van Bernard Productions, Inc.

    Autograph hounds. Telecast: Oct. 28, 1969. Credits: Producer, Bill
      Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Bob O'Brien & others.
      Cast: Red Skelton, John Wayne, Baja Marimba Band. © 23Oct69;
      LP39710.

    The babysitter and the farmer's son. Telecast: Oct. 14, 1969.
      Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers,
      Bob O'Brien & others. Cast: Red Skelton, Martha Raye, Tiny Tim. ©
      9Oct69; LP39709.

    Be it ever so crumbled, there's no place like home. Telecast: Mar.
      31, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A.
      Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips & others; musical director, David
      Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, George Gobel. © 26Mar70; LP39730.

    Bill Bailey must have been married, that's why he never came home.
      Telecast: Mar. 3, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director,
      Howard A. Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips & others; musical
      director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Godfrey Cambridge, Pat
      Carroll. © 27Feb70; LP39727.

    Blood is thicker than water and harder to shave with. Telecast: Mar.
      10, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A.
      Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips & others; musical director, David
      Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Vincent Price. © 5Mar70; LP39720.

    Charity begins at home, but nowadays who can afford a home.
      Telecast: Feb. 3, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director,
      Howard A. Quinn; writer, Dave O'Brien & others; musical director,
      David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Jane Powell. © 22Jan70; LP39722.

    Crime doesn't pay, but it's tax free. Telecast: Dec. 30, 1969.
      Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers,
      Dave O'Brien & others. Cast: Red Skelton, Barbara Bain, Tiny Tim.
      © 24Dec69; LP39718.

    A happening that happened in Texas. Telecast: Sept. 30, 1969.
      Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers,
      Bob O'Brien & others. Cast: Red Skelton, Walter Brennan. ©
      25Sep69; LP39706.

    He died with his boots off, that's why he stubbed his toe when he
      kicked the bucket. Telecast: Mar. 17, 1970. Credits: Producer,
      Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips &
      others; musical director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Fess
      Parker. © 12Mar70; LP39728.

    He wanted to be a square shooter but he found that his barrel was
      round. Telecast: Dec. 9, 1969. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin;
      director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Dave O'Brien & others; musical
      director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Agnes Moorehead. ©
      4Dec69; LP39716.

    An icicle built for two. Telecast: Nov. 11, 1969. Credits: Producer,
      Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Bob O'Brien &
      others. Cast: Red Skelton, Maurice Evans, Oliver. © 6Nov69;
      LP39712.

    If marriages are made in heaven, why do they call it heaven?
      Telecast: Jan. 13, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director,
      Howard A. Quinn; writers, Dave O'Brien & others; musical director,
      David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Duke Ellington. © 8Jan70 (in
      notice: 1969); LP39704.

    Is this anyway to run an airline? Telecast: Feb. 10, 1970. Credits:
      Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Dave
      O'Brien & others; musical director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton,
      Mike Connors. © 30Jan70; LP39723.

    It is better to have loved and lost--much better. Telecast: Dec. 2,
      1969. Credits: Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Bob
      O'Brien & others. Cast: Red Skelton, Janet Leigh, Mills Brothers.
      © 27Nov69; LP39715.

    People who like people are cannibals. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin;
      director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips & others;
      musical director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Barbara Feldon. ©
      12Feb70; LP39725.

    Pop, the astronaut. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard
      A. Quinn; writers, Dave O'Brien & others; musical director, David
      Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Peter Graves. © 18Sep69; LP39707.

    San Fernando's spy school; or, How to make a possible mission
      impossible. Telecast: Mar. 24, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill
      Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips &
      others; musical director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Ralph
      Young, Tony Sandler. © 19Mar70; LP39729.

    See your doctor once a year even if it kills you. Telecast: Nov. 4,
      1969. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn;
      writers, Bob O'Brien & others. Cast: Red Skelton, Audrey Meadows.
      © 30Oct69; LP39711.

    Singing waiters. Telecast: Nov. 18, 1969. Credits: Producer, Bill
      Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Bob O'Brien & others.
      Cast: Red Skelton, George Gobel, Lou Rawls. © 13Nov69; LP39713.

    The son of Oliver Twist; or, junior is just a little dickens.
      Telecast: Dec. 16, 1969. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director,
      Howard A. Quinn; writers, Dave O'Brien & others; musical director,
      David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Cyril Ritchard, Jack Wild. ©
      11Dec69; LP39717.

    Stone walls do not a prison make so they added iron bars. Telecast:
      Apr. 7, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A.
      Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips & others; musical director, David
      Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Cesar Romero. © 2Apr70; LP39731.

    The subject was painters. Telecast: Oct. 7, 1969. Credits: Producer,
      Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Bob O'Brien &
      others. Cast: Red Skelton, Jack Albertson, Emmaline Henry, Gary
      Puckett, The Union Gap. © Van Bernard Productions, Inc.; 2Oct69;
      LP39705.

    There's no business like show business but when there's no business,
      show business goes out of business like any other business.
      Telecast: Jan. 27, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin; director,
      Howard A. Quinn; writers, Dave O'Brien & others; musical director,
      David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Robert Merrill. © 15Jan70; LP39721.

    There's only one thing money won't buy and some day we'll find out
      what it is. Telecast: Nov. 25, 1969. Credits: Producer, Bill
      Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Bob O'Brien & others.
      Cast: Red Skelton. © 20Nov69; LP39714.

    The Three Musketeers ride again; or, Those ding-dong daddies from
      Dumas. Telecast: Feb. 24, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin;
      director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Arthur Phillips & others;
      musical director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Audrey Meadows,
      Mickey Rooney, Tiny Tim, Jackie Coogan. © 19Feb70; LP39726.

    When East meets West, you've sure got a skinny country. Credits:
      Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Dave
      O'Brien & others; musical director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton,
      Carol Lawrence. © 5Feb70; LP39724.

    Willie Lump Lump's birthday. Telecast: Oct. 21, 1969. Credits:
      Producer, Bill Hobin; director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Bob
      O'Brien & others. Cast: Red Skelton, Kaye Ballard, Ed Sullivan. ©
      160ct69; LP39708.

    You can take the boy out of the country if you promise not to bring
      him back. Telecast: Jan. 6, 1970. Credits: Producer, Bill Hobin,
      director, Howard A. Quinn; writers, Dave O'Brien & others; musical
      director, David Rose. Cast: Red Skelton, Vincent Price, Frank
      Sinatra, Jr. © 31Dec69; LP39719.

  REGGIE. Three-Jay Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Eugene N. Redden. © Three-Jay Productions; 9Jun71; MP21858.

  REINCARCERATION OF EB. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE REIVERS. Dub Pictures. Released by National General Pictures. 115
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Cinema Center Films presentation.
    Panavision. Based on the novel by William Faulkner. Produced in
    association with Solar Productions.

    Credits: Producer, Irving Ravetch; director, Mark Rydell;
      screenplay, Irving Ravetch & Harriet Frank, Jr.; music composer,
      John Williams; cinematographer, Richard Moore; film editor, Tom
      Stanford.

    Cast: Steve McQueen, Sharon Farrell, Will Geer, Michael Constantine,
      Rupert Crosse.

    © Duo Pictures, Inc. & Solar Productions, Inc.; 17Nov69; LP39331.

  THE RELATIONSHIP OF RELIGION TO FAMILY LIFE (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 62 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, lesson
    16)

    Credits: By G. H. Grotey.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec68; JP13087.

  REMEMBER LISA. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  REPEATING EXPERIMENTS. See

    EXPERIMENTING.

  REPORT. Norman Jacobson, Jean-Bernard Bucky, Robert Peyton. 55 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Robert Peyton & Norman Jacobson; directors,
      Jean-Bernard Bucky & Robert Peyton; cameramen, Ed Emshwiller, Rick
      Wise, Norman Lofthus; editor, Robert Peyton.

    Cast: Wm. T. Wheatley, Ellen Marsh, Harold Amsbaugh, David Baker,
      Diane Bonfoey.

    © Norman Jacobson, Jean-Bernard Bucky, Robert Peyton; 23Aug71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP39511.

  THE RESERVE PROGRAM. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  REST AND RELAXATION. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  RETREAT FROM WASHINGTON. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE RETURN OF ALBERT. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  RETURN OF COUNT YORGA. Peppertree Productions. Released by American
    International Pictures. 97 min., sd., color, 55 mm.

    Cast: Robert Quarry, Philip Frame, Tom Toner, Mariette Hartley,
      Roger Perry.

    © Peppertree Productions, Inc. & American International Pictures,
      Inc.; 4Aug71; LP40309.

  RETURN OF ETHEL AND ALBERT. See

    DAKTARI.

  RETURN OF FATHER LUNDIGAN. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  THE RETURN OF MAUDIE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE RETURN OF TERRIBLE TOM. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  RETURN OF THE PHANTOM. See

    DAKTARI.

  REUNION. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  RICHEST WOMAN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  RIDDLE OF THE BUSH. See

    DAKTARI.

  THE RIGHT OF DISSENT. TW Productions. Distributed by Walt Disney
    Educational Materials Co. 20 min., sd., color. 16 mm. (History alive
    series)

    Credits: Producer & writer, Turnley Walker.

    Cast: Robert H. Harris, Matthew Lyon.

    Appl. author: Turnley Walker d.b.a. TW Productions, employer for
      hire.

    © Walt Disney Educational Materials Co.; 10Jul70; LP39499.

  THE RIGHT OF PETITION. TW Productions. Distributed by Walt Disney
    Educational Materials Co. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History alive
    series)

    Credits: Producer & writer, Walker Turnley.

    Appl. author: Turnley Walker d.b.a. TW Productions, employer for
      hire.

    © Walt Disney Educational Materials Co.; 10Nov70; LP39497.

  RIGHT ON/BE FREE. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films.
    15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Aug71; MP21995.

  RING-A-DING-DING. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  A RING FOR BARBARA. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  RING STRUCTURED FILES. Lesson 541.5. Edutronics Systems International.
    5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics, Inc. whose
    full corporate name is Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
    5Sep69; MP21970.

  RISE AND FALL OF A TYCOON. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  RISE AND FALL OF THE SPANISH AND MEXICAN INFLUENCE. See

    HISTORY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

  THE RIVER. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions & Boondock
    Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on active
    learning) © Macmillan Co.; 21Jun71; MP22043.

  A RIVER'S JOURNEY. See

    EARTH IS THE ONLY WORLD WE HAVE -- ECOLOGY: WATER POLLUTION.

  ROAD. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  ROBBIE'S HONEY. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ROBIN HOOD AND THE SHERIFF. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  ROBIN HOOD OF GRIFFITH PARK. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  ROLAND AND RATFINK. See

    CATTLE BATTLE.

  ROLE OF PEOPLE IS CHANGING. See

    [SUPPLEMENT TO HOW TO SUCCEED IN BANKING]

  THE ROLE OF THE CONGRESSMAN. Centron Educational Films. 23 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Advisers, Howard D. Mehlinger & John J. Patrick.

    © Centron Corp., Inc.; 15Aug71; MP22015.

  ROMAN AFFAIR. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  ROME IS WHERE YOU FIND IT. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  RONCO BUTTONEER. See

    [RONCO TELEPRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  [RONCO TELEPRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Ronco Teleproducts.
    Approx. 60 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Ronco Teleproducts, Inc.

    Ronco Buttoneer. © 25Apr71; MP21659.

    Seal-A-Meal. © 9Sep70; MP21947.

    Tarn away. © 16Apr71; MP21864.

    Tarn away. 90 sec. © 16Apr71; MP21865.

  ROOKIE. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  THE ROSE GARDEN. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  ROSS MACDONALD: IN THE FIRST PERSON. Silver Burdett Co. Made by
    Davidson Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Writers on writing) ©
    General Learning Corp.; 1Sep71; MP21986.

  ROTTERDAM-EUROPORT, GATEWAY TO EUROPE. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 26May71; MP21874.

  ROUGH ON DODIE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ROYAL LOVE STORY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  RUMMAGE SALE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  RUN DICK, RUN JANE. Brigham Young University Motion Picture Dept. 21
    min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Narrator, Kenneth Cooper.

  © Brigham Young University; 28Sep71; LP40128.

  RUN, JOHNNY, RUN. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  RUNAWAYS. See

    DAKTARI.

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  RUNT STRIKES BACK. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  RURAL DRIVING. Ford Motor Co. Made by White Assn. 10 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Ford Motor Co., Film & Electronic Communications Dept. (in
    notice: Ford Motor Co.); 3Nov71; MP22061.

  RURAL LIFE OF THE ESKIMOS AND INDIANS. See

    ALASKA.

  RURAL MAINE. See

    THE AMERICAN POOR: A SELF-PORTRAIT.

  THE RUSSIANS ARE STAYING. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 129.

  RUTA DE LOS PEREGRINOS. See

    ESPANA.

  THE RUTABAGA STORY. See

    GREEN ACRES.


                                   S

  THE S/360 OPERATING SYSTEMS COURSES: PANEL DISCUSSION. Lesson 810.01.
    Edutronics Systems International. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 15Dec70;
    MP21891.

  SAFE UNIT SWIM (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 107 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Boy Scouts of America (in notice: Audiovisual Service, Boy
    Scouts of America); 28May71; JP13416.

  ST. LOUIS BLUES. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. See

    FRIENDS. Episode no. 21.

  SAM DRUCKER'S VISIT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SAM "LIGHTNIN'" HOPKINS. ETS Program Service. Made by KUHT Film
    Productions. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS
    Program Service; 18Jun71; MP22080.

  SAM MCTAVISH, M.D. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  SAN FERNANDO'S SPY SCHOOL. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  SANGRE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  SANITIZATION, DISINFECTION, AND STERILIZATION FOR SURGERY. Blakiston
    Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Fundamental series: Operating-room techniques, study unit 2:
    Preliminary preparation for surgery) Produced in collaboration with
    William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Adelina Sares.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21712.

  SANTA CLAUS SPECIAL. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  SANTA IN CROMALAND. Lemnos Films. 9 min., sd., 16 mm. Appl. author:
    George Pappanikolaou. © George Pappanikolaou & Sofia Pappanikolaou;
    20Dec71; LU3618.

  SANTA WAS A LADY. See

    THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON.

  SATURDAY MORNING. Dimension Films. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Industries. 82 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Kent MacKenzie; photography, Erik
      Daarstad & others; editors, Kent MacKenzie, Marvin Goldberg, Mary
      Yeomans.

    Cast: Michael Solomon.

    © Dimension Films & Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Apr71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP39204.

  SATURDAY NIGHT IN VENICE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  SAUCER SEASON. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  SAVAGE HEART: A CONVERSATION WITH ERIC HOFFER. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

  SAVAGE SUNDAY. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  SAVINGS BANK FOR KILOWATTS. Consumers Power Co. & Detroit Edison Co.
    Made by Portafilms. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Consumers Power
    Co. & Detroit Edison Co.; 13Apr71; MP21998.

  SAY CHEESE, PLEASE. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 7Jun70;
    LP39228.

  SAY UNCLE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  SCANDALOUS JOHN. Walt Disney Productions. Released by Buena Vista
    Distribution Co. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on
    the book by Richard Gardner.

    Credits: Producer, Bill Walsh; director, Robert Butler; screenplay,
      Bill Walsh & Don DaGradi; original musical score, Rod McKuen;
      director of photography, Frank Phillips; film editor, Cotton
      Warburton.

    Cast: Brian Keith, Alfonso Arau, Michele Carey, Rick Lenz, Harry
      Morgan.

    © Walt Disney Productions; 24Jun71; LP39202.

  THE SCAVENGERS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  SCENT OF FEAR. See

    DAKTARI.

  SCHOOL DAYS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  SCIENCE FRICTION. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 28Jun70; LP39232.

  SCIENCE PROCESSES SERIES, SET 4. See

    EXPERIMENTING.

  SCORPIO DROP. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  SEAL-A-MEAL. See

    [RONCO TELEPRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SECOND HONEYMOON. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  SECOND SHOT. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  SECOND SIGHT. Eye Bank for Sight Restoration. Made by Lee Mendelson
    Film Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Eye Bank for Sight
    Restoration, Inc.; 15Jan69; MP21866.

  SECOND TIME AROUND. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  SECTIONS. See

    DRAFTING.

  SEE NO EVIL. Genesis Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures &
    Filmways. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producers, Martin Ransohoff & Leslie Linder; director,
      Richard Fleischer; writer, Brian Clemens; music, Elmer Bernstein;
      director of photography, Gerry Fisher; film editor, Thelma
      Connell.

    Cast: Mia Farrow, Dorothy Alison, Robin Bailey, Brian Rawlinson,
      Diane Crayson.

    © Genesis Productions, Ltd.; 2Sep71; LP39868.

  SEE YOUR DOCTOR ONCE A YEAR EVEN IF IT KILLS YOU. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  SEEING IS BELIEVING. See

    IRONSIDE.

  A SELLING ACE MEETS THE POLARA AND MONACO FOR '72 (Filmstrip) Dodge
    Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 55 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 8Sep71; JP13453.

  SELLING BATTERIES; or, The big B in TBA. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made
    by Visualscope. 10 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm. © Caltex
    Petroleum Corp.; 13Aug71; MU8346.

  SELLING IN THE LUBE BAY; or, Brant's bonanza. Caltex Petroleum Corp.
    Made by Visualscope. 10 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm. Appl. ti.:
    Selling in the lube; or, Brant's bonanza. © Caltex Petroleum Corp.;
    13Aug71; MU8343.

  SELLING TIRES; or, No tread in the flour patch. Caltex Petroleum Corp.
    Made by Visualscope. 10 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm. © Caltex
    Petroleum Corp.; 13Aug71; MU8345.

  SELLING TOOLS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 58 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    27Aug71; JP13393.

  SEND A BOY TO COLLEGE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  SENTINELS OF SILENCE. See

    CENTINELAS DEL SILENCIO.

  SERGEANT HOLLY. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  SERVICEMASTER ON LOCATION CARPET CARE SERVICES (Filmstrip)
    Servicemaster Serv-Opp Int'l. Corp. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Film 1-5: Orientation. 112 fr.--Carpet mini lab A-B. 199
      fr.--Production techniques. 118 fr.--Production techniques
      continued. 117 fr.--Certification. 20 fr.

    Appl. author: Bern Cannon & James Grant.

    © Servicemaster Serv-Opp Int'l. Corp.; 1Oct70; JP13510.

  SET OPERATIONS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film.
    © Macmillan Co.; 14Dec70; MP21634.

  SET THEORY (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 47 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Appl. author: Violet Priestley. © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library
    Filmstrip Center; 31Jan70; JP13282.

  SETS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super
    8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film. © Macmillan
    Co.; 14Dec70; MP21641.

  THE SEVEN MINUTES. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 115 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Irving Wallace.

    Credits: Producer & director, Russ Meyer; screenplay, Richard Warren
      Lewis; music composed & conducted, Stu Phillips; director of
      photography, Fred Mandl; editor, Dick Wormell.

    Cast: Wayne Maunder, Marianne McAndrew, Philip Carey, Edy Williams,
      Jay C. Flippen.

    © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 30Jun71; LP40202.

  SEVEN WONDERS OF THE WORLD. See

    THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

  THE '72 THERMO-QUAD CARBURETOR (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 94 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians' service
    conference, session no. 72-1) © Chrysler Corp.; 14Oct71; JP13462.

  SHAFT. Shaft Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 99 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the novel by Ernest Tidyman.

    Credits: Producer, Joel Freeman; director, Gordon Parks; screenplay,
      Ernest Tidyman & John D. F. Black; music, Isaac Hayes; director of
      photography, Urs Furrer; film editor, Hugh A. Robertson.

    Cast: Richard Roundtree, Moses Gunn, Charles Cioffi, Christopher St.
      John, Gwenn Mitchell.

    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 14Jun71; LP39905.

  SHALOM ISRAEL. Joseph R. Malcolm. 10 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Joseph
    R. Malcolm; 1Jul71; MU8335.

  SHAMPOOING AND SETTING THE PATIENT'S HAIR. Blakiston Division,
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing
    series, study unit 8: Personal procedures care) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Mary Calahan, Geraldine DelNaro, Amy Schultz, France Truppi.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21727.

  SHAPE DESCRIPTION. See

    DRAFTING.

  SHAPES ARE EVERYWHERE. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    Bendick Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Learning
    experiences: Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Jul71 (in
    notice: 1969); MP21936.

  SHAPES AT WORK. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by Bendick
    Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Learning experiences:
    Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Jul71 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21941.

  SHAPES IN NATURE. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    Bendick Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Learning
    experiences: Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Jul71 (in
    notice: 1969); MP21944.

  SHAPES PUZZLES. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by Bendick
    Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Learning experiences:
    Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Jul71 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21945.

  SHAPES WE USE. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by Bendick
    Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Learning experiences:
    Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Jul71 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21943.

  SHATTERED IDOL. See

    PARIS 7000.

  SHAVING THE MALE PATIENT. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study unit 8:
    Personal procedures care) Produced in collaboration with William
    Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Susan Brazaitis, John James, Robert Jenkins, John Wiegand.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21731.

  SHEIK. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SHOCKS TO RUN WITH. Monroe Auto Equipment Co. Made by Video Films. 15
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Monroe Auto Equipment Co.; 28Sep71;
    MU8363.

  SHOES. See

    WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

  SHOPLIFTER AT SHADY REST. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  SHOPPING SPREE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 60
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Sep71; JP13468.

  SHORTY TO THE RESCUE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SIDEISSUE. Iowa State University. Made by Film Production Unit. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 8Sep71; MP22033.

  SIGHT, LIGHT AND COLOR. General Electric Co. 14 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Director & writer, Forney Miller; director of photography,
      John Goerg; editor, Ron Fragomeni.

    © General Electric Co.; 1Sep71; MP21987.

  A SIGN OF LOVE (Filmstrip) Division of Curriculum Resources of General
    Board of Education, United Methodist Church. Made by Graded Press.
    67 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Credits: Director, C. B. Anderson; writers, Howard & Joyce Walker;
      art, Gene Sizemore; photographer, Marshall Fallwell.

    © Graded Press; 5Feb71 (in notice: 1970); A256118.

  SILENT NIGHT, LONELY NIGHT. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released
    by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the play by Robert
    Anderson.

    Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Lynn Carlin, Shirley Jones, Stefan Arngrim,
      Richard Eastham.

    © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Dec69; LP39893.

  SILVER THREADS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  SILVERSMITH OF WILLIAMSBURG. Colonial Williamsburg Foundation. 44
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colonial Williamsburg Foundation; 2Jun71;
    MP21761.

  SIMULAB SERIES. See

    GETTING WORK DONE THROUGH GROUPS.

  THE SINGAPORE FILE. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  SINGER EDUCATION & TRAINING PRODUCTS. See

    HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY.

    PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

    WONDERS OF NATURE.

  SINGING WAITERS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  SINGING WITH PAULA GLADWELL & CORINNE JENSEN. Corinne E. Jensen &
    Paula Gladwell. 6 motion pictures (30 min. each) in 3 reels, sd.,
    b&w. Videotape. © Corinne E. Jensen & Paula Gladwell; 20Sep71;
    MU8365.

  SISTER AND THE OLD SALT. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  SISTER LUCKY. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  SISTERS. Jill Foreman Hultin. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Jill
    Foreman Hultin; 1Sep71; LP40006.

  SISTERS SOCKO IN SAN TANCO. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  SITUATION RED. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  SIZE DESCRIPTION. See

    DRAFTING.

  SKIN CARE. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study unit 8: Personal
    procedures care) Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne,
    Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Kathy Nathanson, Eleanor Beaver, Arthur Weisbrode, James
      Hulick.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21728.

  THE SKIN: ITS FUNCTION AND CARE. Comprenetics. 12 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 14May71 (in notice:
    1970); MP21957.

  THE SLEEPING BRAIN. Houghton Mifflin Co. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (At the frontiers of psychological inquiry) © Houghton Mifflin Co.;
    30Sep71; MP22039.

  A SLICE OF BREAD. Omega Productions. Distributed by Sterling
    Educational Films, a division of Walter Reade Organization. 12 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Country Beautiful
    Corp. Appl. author: Michael P. Dineen. © Country Beautiful Corp.;
    1Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP39332.

  SLIGHTLY HOT PARKING METERS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  THE SMALL WORLD OF THE NURSERY SCHOOL. Educational Coordinates. 29
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.; 31Aug70;
    MP21753.

  THE SMALLEST DIAMOND IN THE WORLD. See

    NANCY. No. 3.

  THE SMITH FAMILY. Smith Family Co. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color,
    35 mm. A Don Fedderson Production. © Smith Family Co.

    All the good neighbors. Credits: Writer, Paul West. © 17Feb71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40060.

    Another day, another dollar. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin & Henry
      Garson. © 10Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP40063.

    A blue tie. Credits: Writer, Sidney Boehm. © 10Feb71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40059.

    Brian and the sheriff. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 24Mar71
      (in notice: 1970); LP40065.

    Chicano. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 3Feb71; LP40047.

    Cindy. Credits: Writer, Edmund Hartmann. © 20Jan71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40057.

    The desk job. Credits: Writer, Preston Wood. © 17Mar71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40064.

    The ex-con. Credits: Writer, Paul West. © 27Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
      LP40058.

    The greener pastures. Credits: Writer, Burt Styler. © 21Apr71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40069.

    No place to hide. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 28Apr71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40070.

    One more goodbye. Credits: Writer, Paul West. © 24Feb71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40061.

    The peer group. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 14Apr71
      (in notice: 1970); LP40068.

    Remember Lisa. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 31Mar71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40066.

    The rookie. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 7Apr71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40067.

    The strangers. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 3Mar71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40062.

  [SMOOTH THAT ROCKY ROAD] (Filmstrip) Paul Indianer & Co. 25 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Paul Indianer & Co., Inc.; 1Feb68; JP13241.

  THE SMUGGLERS. Universal Television. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Elizabeth Hely.

    Credits: Producer & director, Norman Lloyd.

    Cast: Shirley Booth, David Opatoshu, Kurt Kaszner, Carol Lynley,
      Donnelly Rhodes.

    © Universal Television, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc.;
      31Dec66; LP39899.

  SNAKE IN THE GRACIAS. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 24Jan71 (in
    notice: 1970); LP39489.

  SNAP-IN CARTRIDGE. Wickes Homes, subsidiary of Wickes Corp. Made by
    Teletape Detroit, division of Teletape Corp. 5 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Teletape Detroit, division of Teletape Corp.; 28Jul71; MU8349.

  SNOW BEAR, PT. 1-2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  SNOW TRAIN, PT. 1-2. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  SO PROUDLY WE HAILED. See

    OUR FLAG TODAY.

  THE SOAP OPERA. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC PROBLEMS, SECTION 1-4. See

    CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  SOCIAL CLIMBERS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SOCIAL NEEDS AS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES. Bureau of National Affairs.
    Made by BNA Films. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Managing
    discontinuity) A Quest production. © B.N.A., Inc.; 23Nov71; MP22076.

  SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Educational Direction.
    Made by Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: X201A-X201F: Wide open spaces and human sardine cans. 63
      fr.--Pollution, unemployment and inflation. 62 fr.--The suicidal
      society. 63 fr.--Poisons, pills, preservatives and pressures. 57
      fr.--The public good and eminent domain. 59 fr.--There ought to be
      a law. 55 fr.

    Credits: General editor, Alexander Butman.

    © Educational Direction, Inc.; 15Aug71; JP13352-13357.

  SOCIAL SERVICES IN THE CHURCH. Brigham Young University, Motion
    Picture Dept. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young
    University; 4Jun71; LP39326.

  SOCIAL STUDIES/FOCUS ON ACTIVE LEARNING. See

    BIG IS LITTLE, LITTLE IS BIG.

    HELP.

    HOT, WARM, COLD.

    THE RIVER.

    SYCAMORE STREET.

    THE WATERS RETURNING.

    WHAT GROWS WHERE.

    WHERE ARE YOU.

    WHERE ON EARTH.

    THE WRINKLED BALL.

  SOIL AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Vocational Education
    Productions, California State Polytechnic College. 50 fr., color, 35
    mm. Produced in cooperation with School of Agriculture & Natural
    Resources, California State Polytechnic College.

    Credits: Director, Clyde Hostetter; script & supervision, Steven C.
      LaMarine; art work, Marguerite Costigan; photography, James
      Crissey.

    © California State Polytechnic College Foundation; 23Jul71; JP13359.

  SOME FRIENDLY INSECTS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 5
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 10Jun71; MP22032.

  SOME FRIENDS OF GENERAL EISENHOWER. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

  SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE. Cinema Center Films & Media Productions.
    Released by National General Pictures Corp. 110 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Suggested by Harry Kressing's novel, The cook.

    Credits: Producer, John P. Flaxman; director, Harold Prince;
      screenplay, Hugh Wheeler; music composer, John Kander;
      cinematographer, Walter Lassally; film editor, Ralph Rosenblum.

    Cast: Angela Lansbury, Michael York, Anthony Corlan, Heidelinde
      Weis, Eva-Maria Meineke.

    © Cinema Center Films & Media Productions, Inc.; 15Jul70; LP39820.

  SOMETHING FOR THE QUEEN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SON OF DROBNY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  SON OF GAMMU GHAT. See

    MAYA.

  SON OF OLIVER TWIST. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  A SONG FOR THE UNIVERSE. See

    [CONTEMPLATIONS FOR THE NEW EARTH]

  SONG OF BERTRILLE. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  SONNY DRYSDALE RETURNS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SOOT YOURSELF (AIR TODAY, GONE TOMORROW) See

    THAT GIRL. No. 119.

  SOUND OF AN ORCHESTRA. See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.

  THE SOUND OF MUSIC. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  SOUP CONTEST. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THE SOUTH RISES AGAIN. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SPACE SHAPES: CUBES AND BOXES. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    Made by Bendick Associates, 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Learning experiences: Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    29Jul71 (in notice: 1969); MP21938.

  SPACE SHAPES: CYLINDERS AND SPHERES. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. Made by Bendick Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Learning experiences: Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    29Jul71 (in notice: 1969); MP21940.

  SPACE SHAPES: PYRAMIDS AND CONES. Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. Made by Bendick Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Learning experiences: Shapes) Loop film. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    29Jul71 (in notice: 1969); MP21939.

  SPACE TRIP. See

    GARDEN OF DELIGHTS FOR KIDS.

  THE SPACESHIP AND ITS GROUND SUPPORT SYSTEM. See

    MAN, MOON, AND UNIVERSE.

  SPEAKING OF LANGUAGE (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville,
    New York. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip script by Merna
    Cox & Discussion guide by George W. Kearns, 93 p.

    Contents: Pt. 1-2: What is it? 84 fr.--How does it work? 73 fr.

    Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York,
      employer for hire.

    © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 8Oct71; A282396.

  SPECIAL DELIVERY LETTER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  SPECIAL FOOD PROBLEMS (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 87 fr., color, 35
    mm.

    Credits: Planned & written by Robert Schley; graphics, Dean
      Crawford.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Dec71; JP13513.

  THE SPECIFIC IS TERRIFIC. Centron Educational Films. 12 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Writer, John W. Clifford.

    © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Oct71; MP22013.

  SPEND, SPEND. King Screen Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    King Broadcasting Co.; 14Jul71; MP21784.

  SPOKES. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  SPOT REMOVER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  SPRAINED ANKLE -- COUNTRY STYLE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE SPRING FESTIVAL. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE SPRINGFIELD GUN. National Right to Work Committee. Made by Centron
    Educational Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Right to
    Work Committee; 1May71; MP21919.

  A SQUARE IS NOT ROUND. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  SQUEEGEE LEARNS ABOUT DRUGS (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 62
    fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Narration & puppets by Mary Lou Anderson; photographer,
      Larry Nicholson.

    © Marsh Film Enterprises, Inc.; 13Sep71; JP15479.

  STAG PARTY. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 155.

  STAMP OF APPROVAL. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  STANDING WAVES AND THE PRINCIPLE OF SUPERPOSITION. Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 18May71; MP21871.

  STAR IS BORN. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  STAR IS REBORN. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  A STAR NAMED ARNOLD IS BORN. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  STAR SPANGLED GIRL. Paramount Pictures Corp. 95 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Based on the play by Neil Simon.

    Credits: Producer, Howard W. Koch; director, Jerry Paris;
      screenplay, Arnold Margolin & Jim Parker; music Charles Fox;
      director of photography, Sam Leavitt; editor, Frank Bracht.

    Cast: Sandy Duncan, Tony Roberts, Todd Susman, Elizabeth Allen,
      Artie Lewis.

    © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 14Sep71; LP40201.

  STAR WITNESS. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  STARK. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  STATES' RIGHTS. TW Productions. Distributed by Walt Disney Educational
    Materials Co. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (History alive series)

    Credits: Producer & writer, Turnley Walker.

    Appl. author: Turnley Walker d.b.a. TW Productions, employer for
      hire.

    © Walt Disney Educational Materials Co.; 10Nov70; LF59498.

  STATIC WHEEL BALANCE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 34 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, E-3A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Sheldon Abbott; graphics, Dean Crawford,
      Jr.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 1Dec71; JP13566.

  STEAL-DRIVING MAN. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  STEERING GEOMETRY (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 56 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Automotive technology, E-2A)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Sheldon Abbott.

    Appl. states prev. pub. 1Jan69, JP12511. NM: editorial revision.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13497.

  STEM DIRECTION. International Institute of Coiffure Designers. Made by
    Allan Keith Productions. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Allan Keith
    Productions, Inc.; 15Sep67 (in notice: 1965); MP21834.

  STEVE THE APPLE POLISHER. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  STEVE'S OL' BUDDY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  STOLEN ON DEMAND. See

    IRONSIDE.

  STONE WALLS DO NOT A PRISON MAKE SO THEY ADDED IRON BARS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  STOP THE PRESSES, I WANT TO GET OFF. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 123.

  THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS. Leonard Freeman Enterprises. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with National
    General Corp. & CBS-TV Network. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Easy to be hard. Credits: By Stephen Kandel. © 21Oct70; LP40014.

    First we get rid of the principal. Credits: Writer, George Kirgo. ©
      6Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40012.

    The law can't touch him. Credits: Writer, Meyer Dolinsky. © 16Sep70;
      LP40013.

    This is Jerry, see Jerry run? Run, Jerry, run, run, run! Credits:
      Teleplay, Bill Stratton; story, David Harmon. © 11Nov70; LP40016.

    Where are you at? Credits; By George Beliak. © 28Oct70; LP40015.

  THE STORY OF BABAR THE ELEPHANT. Random House. I reel, sd., color, 35
    mm. A Lee Mendelson-Bill Melendez Production. From original stories
    by Jean De Brunhoff. © Random House, Inc.; 21Oct68; LP40007.

  STORY OF VOLCANISM. See

    VOLCANOES.

  STORY OF ZACHARY ZWEEN, See

    ZACHARY ZWEEN.

  STORY TIME IN LIBERIA WITH SAMUEL KPANAN. See

    TOGETHER AROUND THE WORLD.

  THE STRANGERS. See

    THE SMITH FAMILY.

  STRAY CAT. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  STREAM. Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    4Mar70; MP21775.

  STRIKE LIKE A LION. See

    DAKTARI.

  STRING. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Aug71; MP22044.

  STRINGS. See

    LEARNING TO PLAY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.

  STROMBOLI AND THE AEOLIAN ISLANDS. See

    VOLCANOES.

  THE STUDENT AND VARIABLE MODULAR SCHEDULING. Educational Coordinates.
    23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.;
    31Aug70; MP21752.

  STUDY OPPORTUNITIES: 1971-'72 (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 51 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Jul71; A257430.

  SUB-COMPACT AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 84 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians' service
    conference, session no.71-11) © Chrysler Corp.; 2Aug71; JP13317.

  SUBJECT CLASSIFICATION TRAINING. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip) Perfect Photo. 2
    filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 16 mm.

    Contents: Pt. 1. 112 fr.--Pt. 2. 77 fr.

    © Perfect Photo, Inc., subsidiary of GAF Corp.; 3Aug71; JU12913.

  SUBJECT: PACKAGING. Owens-Illinois, Forest Products Division. Made by
    Goldsholl & Associates. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Goldsholl; narrator, Ken Nordine;
      composer, Dick Boyell.

    © Owens-Illinois Forest Products Division, Owens Illinois, Inc. (in
      notice: Owens-Illinois Forest Products Division); 15Jan69;
      MP22048.

  SUBJECT WAS PAINTERS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  SUBTRACTION. See

    EXPLORING NEW MATH.

  SUBTRACTION FACTS: MINUENDS OF 11. Review Educational Films. 6 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
    1Sep71; MP21915.

  SUBTRACTION FACTS, MINUENDS OF 12. Review Educational Films. 5 min.,
    sd., color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
    1Sep71; MP22018.

  SUCCESS AND THE '72 DART (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    8Sep71; JP13458.

  SUCCESS STORY. See

    LASSIE.

  SUCCESSFUL TELLER PRINCIPLES. See

    [TELLER TRAINING]

  SUICIDAL SOCIETY. See

    SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.

  THE SUMMER OF JOHNSON HOLIDAY, NAVAJO BOY. Centron Educational Films.
    Made by Coleman Film Enterprises. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in conjunction with Southwestern Educational Films. ©
    Centron Corp., Inc.; 1May71; MP21860.

  SUMMERTREE. Bryna Co. Released by Columbia Pictures. 88 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Based upon the play by Ron Cowen.

    Credits: Producer, Kirk Douglas; director, Anthony Newley;
      screenplay, Edward Hume & Stephen Yafa; music, David Shire;
      director of photography, Richard C. Glouner; film editor, Maury
      Winetrobe.

    Cast: Michael Douglas, Jack Warden, Brenda Vaccaro, Barbara Bel
      Geddes, Kirk Callaway.

    © Bryna Co.; 1Jun71 (in notice: 1970); LP39198.

  SUMS OF 10. Review Educational Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. ti.: Addition facts: sums of 10. © Review
    Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP21913.

  SUMS OF 12. Review Educational Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. ti.: Addition facts: Sums of 12. © Review
    Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP21914.

  SUN DREAM. Fred A. Niles Communications Centers. Released by Columbia
    Pictures Industries. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Richard L. Asch; director, Bokhof; writer, Joel
      Lasky; music, Sid Siegel & Eric Ross; camera, Paul Vom Brack;
      editor, Tom Miller.

    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Jun70 (in notice: 1969);
      MP22038.

  SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHING 1971. Christian Science Board of Directors. 30
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors;
    24Sep71; MU8359.

  SUPER HAWG. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  SUPER REPORTER. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 121.

  [SUPPLEMENT TO HOW TO SUCCEED IN BANKING] (Filmstrip) Better Selling
    Bureau, Rocket Pictures. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: The customer comes first. 66 fr.--The role of people is
      changing. 62 fr.

    © Better Selling Bureau, division of Rocket Pictures, Inc. (in
      notice: Rocket Pictures, Inc.); 26Jun67; JP13488.

  SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series; Operating-room
    techniques, study unit 2: Preliminary preparation for surgery)
    Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Dennis R. Filipone, Patricia D. Partridge.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21714.

  THE SURGICAL SCRUB. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 9 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental series: Operating-room techniques,
    study unit 2: Preliminary preparation for surgery) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Evelyn A. Zingali.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21715.

  SURGICAL SKIN PREPARATION IN THE NURSING UNIT AND OPERATING ROOM.
    Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Fundamental series: Operating-room techniques, study unit 3:
    Preliminary preparation of the patient for surgery) Produced in
    collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Robert Burr Bell, Mary Louise Edwards, Peter Heinzemann, E.
      Alan Moretti, Charles C. Youmans.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21719.

  SURPRISING SOUTH DAKOTA. United Artists Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. © United Artists Corp.; 21Jul71; LP40170.

  SURVIVAL IN THE ANIMAL WORLD. Reinald Werrenrath, Jr. Made by Journal
    Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Elizabeth I.
    Werrenrath. © Reinald Werrenrath, Jr.; 15Apr71; MP21678.

  SUTURES, NEEDLES AND SKIN CLOSURE MATERIALS. Frances Payne Bolton
    School of Nursing & University Hospitals of Cleveland. Made by
    Edward Feil Productions. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Case Western
    Reserve University; 15Sep71; MP21991.

  SUZIE SIMONE CAPER. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE SWAPPERS. Salon Productions. Released by Trans-American Films. 84
    min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Valerie St. John, James Donnelly, Larry Taylor, Joan Hayward,
      Bunty Garland.

    © Salon Productions, Ltd.; 24Jun70 (in notice: 1969); LP59861.

  SWEET SWEETBACK'S BAAD ASSSSS SONG. Yeah. Released by Cinemation
    Industries. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, director, writer, composer & editor, Melvin Van
      Peebles; director of photography, Bob Maxwell.

    Cast: Melvin Van Peebles, Simon Chuchster, Hubert Scales, John
      Dullaghan, Niva Rochelle.

    © Yeah, Inc.; 31Mar71; LP40507.

  SWEET TERROR. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  SYCAMORE STREET. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions &
    Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on
    active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 4Jan71; MP21845.

  SYSTEMATIC SAVINGS, HR-10, KEOGH BILL. See

    AT LAST A TAX BREAK FOR YOU.

  THE SYSTEMS APPROACH. Lesson 621. Edutronics Systems International. 6
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Systems analysis and design) Loop
    film. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 5May70; MP21894.


                                   T

  T. R. BASKIN. Paramount Pictures Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Peter Hyams; director, Herbert Ross; writer,
      Peter Hyams; music scored & directed, Jack Elliott; director of
      photography, Gerald Hirschfield.

    Cast: Candice Bergen, Peter Boyle, James Caan, Marcia Rodd, Erin
      O'Reilly.

    © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 4Oct71; LF39959.

  TABLE FOR EIGHT. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  TAIL OF A TALE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  TAKE A GIRL LIKE YOU. Albion Film Distributors. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Kingsley
    Amis.

    Credits: Producer, Hal E. Chester; director, Jonathan Miller;
      screenplay, George Melly; music, Stanley Myers; photographer, Dick
      Bush; editors, Jack Harris & Rex Pyke.

    Cast: Hayley Mills, Oliver Reed, Noel Harrison, Sheila Hancock, John
      Bird.

    © Albion Film Distributors, Ltd.; 1Oct70 (in notice: 1969); LP39192.

  TAKE CARE OF YOUR BODY. See

    DRUGS AND YOU.

  TAKING A WALK IN THE CITY. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.

  TAKING A WALK IN THE COMMUNITY. See

    UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.

  TAKING OFF. Foreman-Crown-Hausman. Released by Universal Pictures. 95
    min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Alfred W. Crown; director, Milos Forman; writers,
      Milos Forman & others; director of photography, Miroslav Ondricek;
      film editor, John Carter.

    Cast: Lynn Carlin, Buck Henry, Linnea Heacock, Georgia Engel, Tony
      Harvey.

    © Universal Pictures & Foreman-Crown-Hausman, Inc.; 28Mar71;
      LP39254.

  TALE OF TWO RETAILERS. See

    MODERN MERCHANDISING.

  TALKING YAM. See

    AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

  TAMPA, FLORIDA. See

    FRIENDS. No. 5.

  TARN AWAY. See

    [RONCO TELEPRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  TEACHERS MAKE A DIFFERENCE. New Jersey Education Assn. 20 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © New Jersey Education Assn.; 13Apr71; MP21648.

  TEACHING CHILDREN TO BE LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 73 fr., color, 35 mm. (Health science, HE 1-13)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Robert Schley; graphics, Sandy Gray &
      Dean Crawford, Jr.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District; 1Dec71; JP13568.

  TEAHOUSE OF JED CLAMPETT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  A TECHNIQUE FOR OBTAINING PURE TONE THRESHOLDS. Single Concepts
    Productions. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
    author: Arthur Leon Terr. © Single Concepts Productions, Inc.;
    1Apr71; MP21927.

  TEENAGERS CREATE AN ANIMATED FILM. Centron Educational Films. Made by
    Coleman Film Enterprises. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron
    Corp., Inc.; 1Feb71; MP21751.

  [TELLER TRAINING] (Filmstrip) Trainscope. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With training guide, 19 1.

    Contents: Successful teller principles. 59 fr.--Check cashing. 74
      fr.--Receiving deposits. 70 fr.--Handling money. 56
      fr.--Uncollected funds and overdrafts. 72 fr.

    Credits: Technical consultant, Gerry Najarian.

    © Trainscope; 2Jun71; A260557.

  TEMPERANCE! TEMPERANCE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  TEN THOUSAND DIAMONDS AND A HEART. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE TEST. See

    HOW DO YOU DECIDE?

  TEXTURES OF THE GREAT LAKES. Karl Baptiste Lohmann, Jr. Released by
    Thorne Films. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Karl Baptiste Lohmann,
    Jr.; 11Dec65; MP21951.

  THANKSGIVING. See

    PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

  THANKSGIVING SPIRIT. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THAT BERLE. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 132.

  THAT CAKE. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 116.

  THAT GIRL. Daisy Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    An ABC presentation. © Daisy Productions, Inc.

    No.

    113. Counter proposal. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie
      Orenstein. © 25Sep70; LP39946.

    114. Rattle of a single girl. Credits: Writer, Bruce Howard. Cast:
      Mario Thomas, Ted Bessell, Lew Parker. © 23Oct70; LP39950.

    115. Don and Sandi and Harry and Snoopy (But would you want one to
      marry your sister?) Credits: Writer, Peggy Elliott. Appl. ti.:
      Don, Sandy, Harry and Snoopy. © 20Oct70; LF39947.

    116. That cake. Credits: Writer, Rich Mittleman. © 13Nov70; LP59953.

    117. Chef's night out. Credits: Writer, Bud Grossman. © 12Feb71 (in
      notice: 1970); LF39958.

    118. No man is a Manhattan Island. Credits: Writer, Arnold Horwitt.
      © 16Oct70; LP39949.

    119. Soot yourself (Air today, gone tomorrow) Credits: Writers, Saul
      Turteltaub & Bernie Orenstein. © 12Mar70; LP39945.

    120. I ain't got no body. Credits: Writers, Ed Scharlach & Warren S.
      Murray. © 9Oct70; LF39948.

    121. Super reporter. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie
      Orenstein. © 4Dec70; LP39955.

    122. That girl's daddy. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie
      Orenstein. © 20Nov70; LP39954.

    123. Stop the presses, I want to get off. Credits: Writer, Gordon
      Farr. Cast: Mario Thomas, Ted Bessell. © 27Nov70; LP4020S.

    124. That senorita. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie
      Orenstein. © 11Dec70; LP39956.

    125. An Uncle Herbert for all seasons. Credits: Bob Garland. ©
      18Dec70; LP39957.

    126. There sure are a bunch of Cards in St. Louis, pt. 1. Credits:
      Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie Orenstein. © 30Oct70; LP39951.

    126. There sure are a bunch of Cards in St. Louis, pt. 2. Credits:
      Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie Orenstein. © 6Nov70; LP39952.

    128. That script. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie
      Orenstein. © 1Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40210.

    129. The Russians are staying. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub &
      Bernie Orenstein. © 29Jan71; LP40206.

    130. A limited engagement. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub &
      Bernie Orenstein. © 1Jan71; LP39942.

    131. Two for the money. Credits: Writer, San Nicholas. © 5Mar71:
      LP40204.

    132. Those Friars (That Berle) Credits: Writer, Marvin Walkenstein.
      © 8Jan71; LE39943.

    133. Stag party. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie
      Orenstein. © 26Feb71; LP40208.

    134. That shoplifter. Credits: Writer, Arnold Horwitt. © 5Feb71;
      LP39944.

    135. That king. Credits: Writer: Warren S. Murray. © 19Feb71;
      LP40207.

    136. The elevated woman. Credits: Writers, Saul Turteltaub & Bernie
      Orenstein. © 19Mar71; LP40209.

  THAT GIRL'S DADDY. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 122.

  THAT KING. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 135.

  THAT OLD BLACK MAGIC. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  THAT SCRIPT. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 128.

  THAT SENORITA. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 124.

  THAT SHOPLIFTER. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 134.

  THAT WAS THE NIGHT THAT WAS. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THAT'S MAX. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THERE OUGHT TO BE A LAW. See

    SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.

  THERE SURE ARE A BUNCH OF CARDS IN ST. LOUIS. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 126.

  THERE'S NO BUSINESS LIKE SHOW BUSINESS BUT WHEN THERE'S NO BUSINESS,
    SHOW BUSINESS GOES OUT OF BUSINESS LIKE ANY OTHER BUSINESS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  THERE'S ONLY ONE THING MONEY WON'T BUY AND SOME DAY WE'LL FIND OUT
    WHAT IT IS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  THEY DON'T HEAR WHAT I SAY. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Interpersonal relationships in nursing,
    unit 1: making a sensitive response) © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Apr71 (in
    notice: 1970); MP21691.

  THING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THIS CHILD IS RATED X. See

    NBC WHITE PAPER.

  THIS CONVENT IS CONDEMNED. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  THIS IS JERRY, SEE JERRY RUN? RUN, JERRY, RUN, RUN, RUN. See

    THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

  THIS IS PUERTO RICO (Filmstrip) Discovery Enterprises. 53 fr., color,
    35 mm. English & Spanish.

    Credits: Educational consultant, Donald R. Haener.

    © Robert E. Connors & Donald R. Haener d.b.a. Discovery Enterprises;
      30Aug71; JP13415.

  THIS IS THE HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT. National Film Board of Canada.
    Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    National Film Board of Canada; 1Nov68; LP39960.

  THIS LAND IS. Southern Illinois University. 61 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Director, writer & editor, W. Craig Hinde; photographers,
      Loren Cocking, Howard Cotton, Craig Hinde Frank Paine.

    © Southern Illinois University; 1Sep69; MP21990.

  THIS UNIQUE BIT OF LIFE -- HOW TREES AFFECT OUR ENVIRONMENT
    (Filmstrip) American Forest Institute. Made by Guidance Associates
    of Pleasantville, New York. 84 fr., color, 35 mm. With Program
    instructions & script, 13 p.

    Credits: Producer, Gary Goldberg; writer, Arthur Kaplan;
      photographers, Jeffrey Faxx & William Hubbell; editor, Marvin
      Karp.

    © American Forest Institute; 7Oct71; A282398.

  THOSE DING-DONG DADDIES FROM DUMAS. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  THOSE FRIARS (THAT BERLE) See

    THAT GIRL. No. 132.

  THOUSAND PARDONS -- YOU'RE DEAD. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THREADED LIST FILES. Lesson 544. Edutronics Systems International. 4
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics, Inc. whose
    full corporate name is Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
    23Sep69; MP21969.

  3-DIMENSIONAL MOTION PERCEPTION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 11 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (At the frontiers of psychological inquiry) © Houghton
    Mifflin Co.; 30Sep71; MP22041.

  360° FLOSSING OR LOOPING (Filmstrip) Professional Education &
    Research. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. © Professional Education & Research,
    a division of Patrick Productions, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13557.

  3 IN THE CELLAR. American International Productions. 94 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © American International Productions; 12Aug70;
    LP39824.

  THE THREE MUSKETEERS RIDE AGAIN. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  THE 3:10 TO A LYNCHING BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 8.

  THREE VIRGINS OF ROME. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THREE WITHOUT FEAR: IN THE LAND OF THE DESERT WHALES. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  THREE WITHOUT FEAR: LOST ON THE BAJA PENINSULA. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  THREE YOUNG AMERICANS IN SEARCH OF SURVIVAL. American Broadcasting
    Companies. 102 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, writer & director, Stephen Fleischman; narrator,
      Paul Newman.

    © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 27Feb69; MP21921.

  THREESOME. V.I. Productions. Distributed by Howard Mahler Films. 90
    min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Lee Beale; screenplay & story, Kenneth
      Pressman; music, David Whittaker; camera, Mikael Salomon.

    Cast: Judy Brown, Marianne Tholsted, Joergen Kiil, Finn Storgaard,
      Lotte Horne.

    © V.I. Productions, Ltd.; 25Aug70 (in notice: 1969); LP40009.

  THUNDERBIRDS ARE GO. Century 21 Pictures [England] Released in the
    U.S. by United Artists Corp. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Techniscope. Supermarionation.

    Credits: Producer, Sylvia Anderson; director, David Lane; director
      of visual effects, Derek Meddings; screenplay, Gerry & Sylvia
      Anderson; music composer & director, Barry Gray; supervising model
      builder, Ray Brown; camera operators for visual effects, Ted
      Cutlack & Richard Conway; camera operator for character animation,
      Alan Perry; art director, Grenville Knott; editor, Len Walters.

    Cast: Character voices: Sylvia Anderson, Ray Barrett, Alexander
      Davion, Peter Dyneley, Christine Finn.

    © Associated Television (Overseas), Ltd.; 13Dec66; LF90.

  THY BROTHER'S KEEPER BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 13.

  LAS TIERRAS CENTRALES. See

    EL MEXICO HISPANICO.

  TIGER BY THE TAIL. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  TIGER'S TALE. See

    DAKTARI.

  TIME. McGraw-Hill Films & Hanna-Barbera Productions. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.
    & Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.; 9Nov70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP21686.

  TIME AND MEMORIES. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  A TIME FOR LYING. See

    PARIS 7000.

  A TIME FOR RAIN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 12Jul71; MP22025.

  A TIME FOR SUN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 6 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 12Jul71; MP22029.

  TO FIND A MAN. Rastar Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures. 92
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by S. J. Wilson.

    Credits: Executive producer, Mort Abrahams; producer, Irving Pincus;
      director, Buzz Kulik; screenplay, Arnold Schulman; music, David
      Shire; director of photography, Andrew Laszio; film editor, Rita
      Roland.

    Cast: Pamela Sue Martin, Darren O'Connor, Lloyd Bridges, Phyllis
      Newman, Tom Ewell.

    © Rastar Productions, Inc.; 1Dec71; LP40313.

  TO FLY OR NOT TO FLY. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  TO GET FROM HERE TO THERE. Dept. of Education, San Diego County.
    Distributed by Professional Arts. 15 reels (25 min. each), si.,
    color, 16 mm. © Dept. of Education, San Diego County, Calif.;
    1May70; LP39233.

  TO HELL WITH BABE RUTH. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  TO KILL OR BE KILLED. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  TO LIVE AND BREATHE. Aetna Life & Casualty. 12 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Aetna Life & Casualty; 17May71; MP21653.

  TO LURE A MAN. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  TO MARKET WITH DODGE IN '72 (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 62 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    8Sep71; JP13469.

  TO ROME WITH LOVE. Rome Co. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Don Fedderson Production. © Rome Co.

    The age of love. Credits: Writer, Joan O'Brien. © 27Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40089.

    Baby of the family. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin & Henry Garson.
      © 29Sep70; LP40109.

    Beauty and the judge. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 20Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40088.

    Bonsai. Credits: Writers, Robert Fisher & Arthur Marx. © 13Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40087.

    Boy meets Penny. Credits: Writer, Elick Moll. © 24Feb71 (in notice:
      1970); LP40093.

    The boy next door. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 1Dec70;
      LP40117.

    A boy to remember. Credits: Writer, Robert Pirosh. © 13Oct70;
      LP40111.

    The catnip club. Credits: Writer, Stanley Roberts. © 17Nov70;
      LP40115.

    A day in the country. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 22Sep70;
      LP40108.

    Doctor Andy. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 29Dec70; LP40120.

    Fly away home. Credits: Writers, Edmund Beloin & Henry Garson. ©
      15Dec70; LP40119.

    Grandpa in charge. Credits: Writers, Hannibal Coons & Charles
      Marion. © 10Nov70; LP40114.

    Here comes Andy. Credits: Writer, Robert Pirosh. © 15Sep70; LP40107.

    Lire from heaven. Credits: Writers, Henry Garson & Edmund Beloin. ©
      27Oct70; LP40113.

    Making the scene. Credits: Writer, Robert Pirosh. © 5Jan71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40086.

    Mike and the countess. Credits: Writer, Paul West. © 3Feb71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40090.

    Roman affair. Credits: Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 6Oct70; LP40110.

    Rome is where you find it. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. ©
      20Oct70; LP40112.

    The rose garden. Credits: Writer, John McGreevey. © 24Nov70;
      LP40116.

    The runaways. Credits: Writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. © 8Dec70;
      LP40118.

    The stray cat. Credits: Teleplay, George Tibbles; story, Brad
      Radnitz. © 10Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40091.

    The Yankee trader. Credits: Writer, George Tibbles. © 17Feb71 (in
      notice: 1970); LP40092.

  TO SEE OR NOT TO SEE. National Film Board of Canada. Released by
    Columbia Pictures. 15 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Production, Robert Verral & Wolf Koenig; story, animator,
      director, Bretislav Pojar; voice, Severn Darden; music, Genevieve
      Martin.

    © National Film Board of Canada; 1Apr70 (in notice: 1969); MP22001.

  TO SING A SONG OF MURDER. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  TO THE OUTSETTING BARD. Edinboro State College Film Unit. 17 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on the poem Out of the cradle endlessly
    rocking, by Walt Whitman.

    Credits: By David S. Weinkauf; music composer, Leroy S. Williams.

    © Edinboro State College; 12Jul71; MP21746.

  TODAY WE KILL, TOMORROW WE DIE! Herman Cohen Productions. Released by
    Cinerama Releasing Corp. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Pac-Splendid
    production. S.P.E.S. Rome wide screen.

    Credits: Producer, Herman Cohen; director, Tonino Cervi; screenplay,
      Dario Argento; music, Francesco Lawagnino; photographer, Sergio
      Doffizi.

    Cast: Montgomery Ford, Bud Spencer, Tatsuya Nakadai, William Berger,
      Wayde Preston.

    © Herman Cohen Productions, Inc.; 1Apr71 (in notice: 1970); LP39667.

  TOGETHER AROUND THE WORLD (Filmstrip) Lutheran Church Press. 3
    filmstrips on 1 roll, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Pt. 1-3: Together in India. 21 fr.--Together in Liberia.
      20 fr.--Story time in Liberia with Samuel Kpanan. 21 fr.

    Credits: Producer, Richard N. Clapper; editor, John A. Jorgenson;
      photo credits, P. Solomon Raj & others.

    © Lutheran Church Press; 2Aug71; JP13308.

  TOGETHER IN INDIA. See

    TOGETHER AROUND THE WORLD.

  TOGETHER IN LIBERIA. See

    TOGETHER AROUND THE WORLD.

  TOMORROW'S CUSTOMERS. Bureau of National Affairs. 30 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Managing discontinuity) A Quest production. © BNA, Inc.;
    20Aug71; MP21809.

  TONIO'S MOTHER. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  TOO LATE THE EPITAPH. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  TOO LATE, TOO SOON. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  TOOLS. See

    COMPUTERS AND LOGIC.

    DECISION TABLES.

    FLOWCHARTING.

    FLOWCHARTS AND LOGIC.

    NESTED LOOPS.

  THE TOOTH-KEEPER. Educational Communications Co. Made by Piccadilly
    Films International Co. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Piccadilly
    Films International Co., Ltd.; 23Sep71; MP22071.

  A TOP DODGE SALESMAN LOOKS AT THE '72 CHARGER (Filmstrip) Dodge
    Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 72 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 8Sep71; JP13456.

  TOPLESS ANYONE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  TORTOISE'S SECRET. See

    AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

  TOTO THE GREAT. See

    DAKTARI.

  TOUCH OF MAGIC. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  TRACK OF THE JAGUAR. See

    LASSIE.

  THE TRAINING OF ASTRONAUTS. See

    MAN, MOON, AND UNIVERSE.

  TRAINS. Communico. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    29Jul70; MP21662.

  TRANSFERRING AND TRANSPORTING THE SURGICAL PATIENT. Blakiston
    Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Fundamental series: Operating-room techniques, study unit 2:
    Preliminary preparation for surgery) Produced in collaboration with
    William Claiborne, Inc.

    Cast: Robert Burr Bell, Phyllis H. Fleming, William Gary, Theresa
      Melroy, E. Alan Moretti, W. Alan Wright.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP21717.

  TRANSMISSION AVAILABILITY. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  TRANSPORTATION AND COMMUNICATION. See

    ALASKA.

  TRAPPED. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  TRAVELS OF BABAR. See

    BABAR COMES TO AMERICA.

  TRAVELS WITH CISSY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  TREASURE TEMPLE. See

    MAYA.

  TREE STRUCTURED FILES. Lesson 543. Edutronics Systems International. 8
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics, Inc. whose
    full corporate name is Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
    3Sep69; MP21974.

  TREES. See

    WONDERS OF NATURE.

  TRIBUTE TO SIBELIUS. See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.

  TROTTING HORSE. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  TROUBLE IN MIND. See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  TROUBLED CAMPERS. Guidance Camps. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Edward A. Mason. © Guidance Camps, Inc.; 21Mar71; MP21737.

  TUB BATH AND SITZ BATH. Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Fundamental nursing series, study unit 8:
    Personal procedures care) Produced in collaboration with William
    Claiborne, Inc.

    Credits: Producer, William Claiborne; director, Nettie M. Hutchins.

    Cast: Anthony Alanzo, Lee Jenkins, Bruce McAlpine.

    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 26Oct70; MP21722.

  TURN OFF POLLUTION. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Alan G. Spencer.

    © Alan G. Spencer; 29Mar71; MP21875.

  THE TURN THE OTHER CHEEK BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 4.

  THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS (Filmstrip) No. 121. Weston Woods
    Studios. 16 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. From the book by
    Robert Broomfield.

    Credits: Producer, Morton Schindel.

    Appl. states prev. pub. abroad 1965. NM: compilation & adaptation.

    © on filmstrip; Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Jun71 (in notice:
      1970); A257660.

  TWENTY-FIVE YEARS TOO LATE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  TWINKLE, TWINKLE, LITTLE PINK. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng.
    Released by United Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.; 30Jun68; LP40171.

  TWO BAD EGGS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  2-DIMENSIONAL MOTION PERCEPTION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 7 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (At the frontiers of psychological inquiry) © Houghton
    Mifflin Co.; 30Sep71; MP22040.

  TWO FOOT GAUGE IN MAINE. Sunday River Productions. 18 min., si., b&w,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Albert G. Hale. © Sunday River
    Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 20Jul71; MP22066.

  TWO FOR THE MONEY. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 131.

  TWO INDIANS: RED REFLECTIONS OF LIFE. Mineola Public Schools. 26 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Mineola Public Schools; 1Apr71; MP21918.

  TWO WEEKS TO GO. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  TYCOON. See

    GUNSMOKE.


                                   U

  UGLY DUCKLING. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE ULTIMATE ADVENTURE. Moody Institute of Science. 28 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm.

    Cast: Irwin A. Moon & Dick Ewing.

    © Moody Institute of Science; 29Sep71; MP22016.

  UNACCUSTOMED AS THEY ARE. BNA Films. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    BNA, Inc.; 7Jul71; MP21811.

  THE UNCALCULATED RISK. Roundtable Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 23Jun71; LP39671.

  UNCLE FEDOR. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  AN UNCLE HERBERT FOR ALL SEASONS. See

    THAT GIRL. No. 125.

  UNCLE JOE AND THE MASTER PLAN. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  UNCLE JOE PLAYS POST OFFICE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  UNCLE JOE RUNS THE HOTEL. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  UNCLE OLLIE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  UNCOLLECTED FUNDS AND OVERDRAFTS. See

    [TELLER TRAINING]

  UNDER THE OCEAN. See

    WONDERS OF NATURE.

  UNDERSTANDING RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS. Mayo Clinic. Made by W. B.
    Saunders Co. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Mayo Clinic;
    16Feb71; MP21655.

  UNDERSTANDING THE CITY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
    Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's manual, 4 p.

    Contents: X202A-X202F: Taking a walk in the city. 72 fr.--What's in
      a city? 69 fr.--Cities are different. 67 fr.--Where does the city
      stop? 54 fr.--The communities in a city. 61 fr.--The ever changing
      city. 65 fr.

    Credits: Senior photographer, John H. Hopkins.

    © Educational Direction, Inc.; 15Aug71; JP13346-13351.

  UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's manual, 4
    p.

    Contents: X205A-X205F: Taking a walk in the community. 68
      fr.--What's in a community? 66 fr.--Communities are different. 54
      fr.--Where does the community stop? 40 fr.--Communities within the
      community. 52 fr.--The ever changing community. 61 fr.

    Credits: Senior photographer, John H. Hopkins.

    © Educational Direction, Inc.; 15Aug71; JP13340-13345.

  UNMAN, WITTERING AND ZIGO. Mediarts. Released by Paramount Pictures
    Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the play by Giles
    Cooper.

    Credits: Producer, Gareth Wigan; director, John MacKenzie;
      screenplay, Simon Raven; music, Michael J. Lewis; photography,
      Geoffrey Unsworth; editor, Fergus McDonell.

    Cast: David Hemmings, Douglas Wilmer, Anthony Haygarth, Carolyn
      Seymour, Colin Barrie.

    © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 13Jun71; LP39816.

  THE UNSINKABLE MR. FRENCH. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  UPJOHN VANGUARD OF MEDICINE. See

    GYNECOLOGIC LAPAROSCOPY.

  UPS/DOWNS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made by Concept
    Films. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Concept Films, Inc.; 16Jul71;
    MP21870.

  US VS. THEM (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl.
    author: Ross Roy, Inc. Appl. ti.: Us or them. © Chrysler Corp.;
    10Dec71; JP13523.

  USING A FOOT. See

    MEASURING LENGTHS.

  USING AN INCH. See

    MEASURING LENGTHS.

  USING CONTROLS. See

    EXPERIMENTING.

  USING EIGHTH INCHES. See

    MEASURING LENGTHS.

  USING HALF AND QUARTER INCHES. See

    MEASURING LENGTHS.

  USING MULTIPLE PULLEYS (Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 35 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    EdMediaTec, Inc.; 1May71; JP13226.

  USING YARDS AND MILES. See

    MEASURING LENGTHS.


                                   V

  V=QP (Filmstrip) Dodge Division. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author:
    Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec71; JP13519.

  VALDEZ IS COMING. Norlan Productions & Ira Steiner Productions.
    Released by United Artists Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From
    the novel by Elmore Leonard.

    Credits: Producer, Ira Steiner; director, Edwin Sherin; screenplay,
      Roland Kibbee & David Rayfiel; music, Charles Gross; director of
      photography, Gabor Pogany; film editor, James T. Heckert.

    Cast: Burt Lancaster, Susan Clark, Jon Cypher, Barton Heyman,
      Richard Jordan.

    © Norlan Productions, Inc. & Ira Steiner Productions, Inc.; 5Mar71
      (in notice: 1970); LP39703.

  VALLEY HAS A BABY. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  VANISHING POINT. Cupid Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. 11 reels, sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Norman Spencer; director, Richard Sarafian;
      screenplay, Guillermo Cain; music producer & supervisor, Jimmy
      Bowen; director of photography, John A. Alonzo; film editor,
      Stefan Arnsten.

    Cast: Barry Newman, Charlotte Rampling, Dean Jagger, Victoria
      Medlin, Cleavon Little.

    © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 10Mar71; LP39205.

  VARIADA GEOGRAFIA. See

    ESPANA.

  THE VASQUEZ BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 6.

  VERGETTE MAKING A POT. Southern Illinois University. Distributor,
    International Film Bureau. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. An A.C.I.
    release.

    Credits: Director, Frank R. Paine; music, Teiji Ito; photographers,
      Frank R. Paine, Leren Cocking, Don Staples; editor, Ellen Gifford.

    © Southern Illinois University; 1Dec66; MP21989.

  VESUVIUS: AN ANCIENT TRAGEDY. See

    VOLCANOES.

  VICTOR BALESTRI. Allan Keith Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Sep67 (in notice: 1965); MP21835.

  VIDA DE ALDEA. See

    ESPANA.

  VIDA DE LA CIUDAD. See

    ESPANA.

  VIEW FROM SPACE. American Broadcasting Companies. 52 min., sd., color,
    16 mm.

    Credits: Producer & writer, James Benjamin; director, David Tapper;
      narrator, George C. Scott; animation, Rene Bras; music supervisor,
      Ethel Huber; filmed by Wesley Marks & others; editors, Mimi
      Bonsignori & Morton Rosenfeld.

    © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 22Jan69; MP21920.

  THE VISION OF DR. KOCH. See

    YOU ARE THERE.

  THE VISUAL ARTS. McGraw-Hill Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in collaboration with Paul Falkenberg Films. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 4Oct71; MP22060.

  VISUAL MOTOR SEQUENCING (Filmstrip) B. J. Hogg. 37 fr., b&w, 35 mm. ©
    B. J. Hogg; 1Apr71 (in notice: 1970); JP13451.

  VITAMIN C FOR CLOSING (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 47 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 24Nov71; JP13517.

  VIVA MAX. Cine Roma. Released by Commonwealth United Entertainment. 94
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by James Lehrer.

    Credits: Producer, Mark Carliner; director, Jerry Paris; screenplay,
      Elliott Baker; music composers, Hugo Montenegro, Ralph Dino & John
      Sembello; music performer, Al Hirt; director of photography, Henri
      Persin; film editors, Bud Molin & David Berlatsky.

    Cast: Peter Ustinov, Pamela Tiffin, Jonathan Winters, John Astin,
      Alice Ghostley.

    © Commonwealth United Entertainment, Inc. & Cine Roma, Ltd.;
      18Dec69; LP40002.

  VLADIMIR HOROWITZ. Columbia Broadcasting System. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Roger Englander.

    © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Sep68; MP21854.

  VOCALIZATIONS OF WILD CHIMPANZEES. Rockefeller University. 40 min.,
    sd. color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Research, Peter Marler & Jane Van Lawick-Goodall;
      photography, Hugo Van Lawick; sound recording, Peter Marler.

    © Rockefeller University; 1Jan71; MP21644.

  VOICE OF THE DEEP. Moody Institute of Science. 28 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. A presentation of Moody Bible Institute. Appl. states prev. reg.
    & prev. pub. 28Jun48, M3218, & 2Jun56, MP7303. NM: additions. ©
    Moody Institute of Science; 26Apr71; MP21750.

  THE VOICE OF THE KHALAM. Khalam Productions. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

    Credits: Poetry, dance, mime & music by Loretta Pauker.

    © Khalam Productions; 22May71; MP21759.

  VOLCANO: BIRTH OF AN ISLAND. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

  VOLCANOES (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 5 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With Filmstrip manual, 16 p.

    Contents: The story of volcanism. 56 fr.--Stromboli and the Aeolian
      Islands. 62 fr.--Vesuvius: an ancient tragedy. 58 fr.--Paricutin:
      a volcano is born. 59 fr.--Hawaii: volcanoes from the sea. 67 fr.

    Credits: Writer, Mary Lee Nolan.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13508.

  VOLCANOES IN THE SEA (Filmstrip) University of Hawaii Press. 69 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With script, 1 v. Based on Volcanoes in the sea: The
    geology of Hawaii, by Gordon A. Macdonald & Agatin T. Abbott.

    Credits: Producer, Edukits; by Gordon A. Macdonald.

    © University of Hawaii Press; 20Apr71; A252476.

  VOLLEYBALL FOR BOYS. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. 2d ed.

    Credits: Educational collaborator, Walter H. Gregg.

    © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Mar71;
      MP21792.

  VULGAR RING STORY. See

    GREEN ACRES.


                                   W

  WACKY ZOO OF MORGAN CITY, PT. 1-2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  WAILING IN A WINTER WONDERLAND. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  WAKE IN FRIGHT. See

    OUTBACK.

  WAR OF THE HOTELS. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  WAR OF THE ROSES. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  WATCH WHAT YOU EAT. See

    DRUGS AND YOU.

  WATER. See

    WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

  WATER AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Vocational
    Education Productions, California State Polytechnic College. 52 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with School of Agriculture &
    Natural Resources, California State Polytechnic College.

    Credits: Director, Clyde Hostetter; script & supervision, Steven C.
      LaMarine; art work, Marguerite Costigan; photography, James
      Crissey.

    © California State Polytechnic College Foundation; 23Jul71; JP13362.

  WATER, WATER EVERYWHERE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE WATERS RETURNING. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions &
    Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on
    active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 21Jun71; MP21844.

  THE WAY WE LIVE NOW. East Coker Co. Released by United Artists Corp.
    110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the novel by Warren Miller.

    Credits: Producer & director, Barry Brown; screenplay, Daniel Tamkus
      & Barry Brown; music, Nate Sassover.

    Cast: Nicholas Pryor, Joanna Miles, Linda Simon, Pat McAneny,
      Rebecca Drake.

    © East Coker Co., Inc.; 27May70 (in notice: 1969); LP40174.

  THE WAYS OF WATER. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 13 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Earth Science
    Curriculum Project & Environmental Studies Project of American
    Geological Institute. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    8Jun71; MP21978.

  WAYS TO HELP. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  WE AND THE LAW. Audio Visual Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

    Credits: Creator & director, Salvatore T. Covino; writer, George F.
      Knoll & Salvatore T. Covino; photography, ed. & sound, George F.
      Knoll.

    © Salvatore T. Covino; 3Aug71; LP39494.

  WE CAN GROW. Communico. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communico, Inc.;
    25Sep70; MP21777.

  WEALTHY LANDOWNER. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  ... WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  WEDDING DEAL. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  WEDDING NIGHT. Ardmore-Krasne Productions. Released by American
    International Pictures. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Cast: Tessa Wyatt, Dennis Waterman, Alexandra Bastedo.

    © Ardmore-Krasne Productions, Ltd.; 3Jun70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP39863.

  WEEK BEFORE CHRISTMAS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  WEIHNACHTEN IN DER SCHWEIZ (Christmas in Switzerland) (Filmstrip)
    Educational Filmstrips. 58 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Writer & photographer, Kenneth & Marjorie Russell;
      translator & narrator, Thomas E. Ryan.

    NM: translation.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Jan71; A257937.

  WELCOME TO GTE SYLVANIA (Filmstrip) GTE Sylvania. Made by
    Coleman/Meyer. 130 fr., color, 35 mm. © GTE Sylvania, Inc.; 6Aug71;
    JP13388.

  WELCOME TO THE CLUB. Welcome Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From Clement Biddle Wood's
    novel.

    Credits: Producer & director, Walter Shenson; screenplay, Clement
      Biddle Wood; music, Ken Thorne; director of photography, Mikael
      Salomon; film editor, Jim Connock.

    Cast: Brian Foley, John Dunne-Hill, Christopher Malcolm, Marsha
      Hunte, Al Mancini.

    © Welcome Productions, Inc.; 1Aug71 (in notice: 1970); LP39866.

  WELCOME TO THE FAMILY. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  WELCOME TO THE LORD'S TABLE (Filmstrip) Boards of Parish Education of
    Lutheran Church in America, The Lutheran Church--Missouri Synod &
    American Lutheran Church. Made by Augsburg Pub. House. 27 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With kit.

    Credits: Writer, Herbert Brokering; editor, Marvin L. Roloff.

    Appl. author: Augsburg Pub. House, employer for hire.

    © Augsburg Pub. House & Board of Publications, Lutheran Church in
      America; 21Jul71; A279637.

  WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT CHURCH MEMBERSHIP (Filmstrip) Broadman
    Films. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films;
    1Jul71; A267744.

  WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT PRAYER (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 54 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With Utilization guide, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Jul71;
    A257429.

  WHAT CAN YOU FIND? Karl Baptiste Lohmann, Jr. Distributed by Thorne
    Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Karl Baptiste Lohmann, Jr.;
    14Dec65; MP21952.

  WHAT DO COUNCILMEN AND JUDGES DO. See

    CITY GOVERNMENT.

  WHAT DO THEY EAT? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 5 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 14Jul71; MP22026.

  WHAT ECOLOGISTS DO. Centron Educational Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Feb71; MP21650.

  WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO BETTY JO? See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  WHAT GROWS WHERE. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions &
    Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on
    active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 21Jun71; MP21846.

  WHAT HAPPENED IN SCRANTON. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  WHAT IS IT? See

    SPEAKING OF LANGUAGE.

  WHAT IS LINEAR MEASUREMENT. See

    MEASURING LENGTHS.

  WHAT IS SONATA FORM? See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.

  WHAT LOVE CAN BE. See

    [CONTEMPLATIONS FOR THE NEW EARTH]

  WHAT WAR IS LIKE. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  WHAT'S A TRAJECTORY? See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  WHAT'S HAPPENED TO PATRIOTISM? (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 65 fr.,
    b&w, 35 mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Oct. 1971) © New York
    Times Co.; 1Oct71; A271879.

  WHAT'S IN A CITY? See

    UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.

  WHAT'S IN A COMMUNITY? See

    UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.

  WHAT'S IN A NAME? See

    GREEN ACRES.

  WHEEL AND TIRE AVAILABILITY. See

    CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

  WHEEL BALANCE OF THE CAR. (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 33 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Automotive technology, AT E-3B)

    Credits: Planner & writer, Sheldon Abbott.

    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
      District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13501.

  WHEN EAST MEETS WEST, YOU'VE SURE GOT A SKINNY COUNTRY. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  WHEN EIGHT BELLS TOLL. Winkast Film Productions [England] Made by Glen
    Alden Corp. Released in the U.S. by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 94
    min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer, Elliott Kastner; director, Etienne Perier;
      writer, Alistair MacLean; music, Walter Scott; photographer,
      Arthur Ibbetson; film editor; John Shirley.

    Cast: Anthony Hopkins, Robert Morley, Nathalie Delon, Jack Hawkins,
      Corin Redgrave.

    © Winkast Film Productions, Ltd. & Glen Alden Corp.; 26Mar71; LF89.

  WHERE ARE YOU? Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions &
    Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on
    active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 4Jan71; MP21848.

  WHERE ARE YOU AT. See

    THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

  WHERE DOES IT COME FROM? (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

    Contents: Filmstrip no. X231A-X231F: Milk. 63 fr.--Bread. 49
      fr.--Meat. 53 fr.--Water. 64 fr.--Books & magazines. 53
      fr.--Shoes. 63 fr.

    © Educational Direction, Inc.; 16Aug71; JP13424-13427, 13429, 13428.

  WHERE DOES LIFE COME FROM? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
    6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 28Jun71; MP22030.

  WHERE DOES THE CITY STOP? See

    UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.

  WHERE DOES THE COMMUNITY STOP? See

    UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.

  WHERE ON EARTH. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions &
    Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on
    active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 4Jan71; MP21843.

  WHERE THERE'S A WILL. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

    GREEN ACRES.

  WHERE THERE'S LOVE THERE'S PRESENSE. See

    [CONTEMPLATIONS FOR THE NEW EARTH]

  WHICH WAY DID THEY GO? See

    HAWAII FIVE-O.

  THE WHIG PARTY IS BORN. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  WHO HANDICAPS THE HANDICAPPED? Portland State University. 14 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Portland State University; 3Apr71; MP21805.

  WHO IS HARRY KELLERMAN AND WHY IS HE SAYING THOSE TERRIBLE THINGS
    ABOUT ME? Cinema Center Films. Released by National General
    Pictures. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

    Credits: Producer & director, Ulu Grosbard; producer & writer, Herb
      Gardner; songs by Shel Silverstein; director of photography,
      Victor J. Kemper; editor, Barry Malkin.

    Cast: Dustin Hoffman, Barbara Harris, Jack Warden, David Burns, Dom
      De Luise.

    © Cinema Center Films, Gardner Productions, Inc., Ulu Grosbard
      Enterprises, Inc., Jaykabina Motion Picture Corp.; 16Jun71;
      LP40228.

  WHO IS SYLVIA? See

    MY THREE SONS.

  WHO LEADS YOUR CITY? See

    CITY GOVERNMENT.

  THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING. Universal-Public Arts Productions.
    [Canada] Released by Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color,
    35 mm.

    Cast: Rick Ely, Dennis Olivieri, Stephen McNally, Hal Holbrook,
      Steve Ihnat.

    © Universal-Public Arts Productions; 7Mar69; LP39901.

  WHO'LL BID TWO MILLION DOLLARS? See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  WHO'S GONNA COLLECT THE GARBAGE? BNA Films. 43 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Managing discontinuity) A Quest production. © B.N.A., Inc.;
    3Dec71; MP22058.

  WHO'S LISA. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  WHY MOST NEGROES CAME. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  WHY NOT ACCOUNTING? AWSCPA Educational Corp. Made by Pacific
    Productions. Distributed by Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © AWSCPA Educational Corp.;
    11Aug71; MP21977.

  WHY PEOPLE WENT WEST. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  WHY THE ASHANTI RAISE YAMS. See

    AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

  WHY THE TURTLE HAS A HARD SHELL. See

    AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

  WIDE OPEN SPACES AND HUMAN SARDINE CANS. See

    SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.

  THE WIDOW'S WEEDS BRIEF. See

    DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE. No. 12.

  WILD ROVERS. Geoffrey Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
    109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

    Credits: Producers, Blake Edwards & Ken Wales; writer & director,
      Blake Edwards; music, Jerry Goldsmith; director of photography,
      Philip Lathrop: film editor, John F. Burnett.

    Cast: William Holden, Ryan O'Neal, Karl Malden, Lynn Carlin, Rachel
      Roberts.

    ©Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 2Jul71: LF39249.

  WILHELM TELL (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 73 fr., color, 35 mm.
    German.

    Credits: Writer, Gilbert J. Jordan.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13481.

  WILL TO LIVE. See

    DAKTARI.

  WILLARD. BCP Productions. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 95
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel Ratman's notebooks, by
    Stephen Gilbert.

    Credits: Producer, Mort Briskin; director, Daniel Mann; screenplay,
      Gilbert A. Ralston; music composer & conductor, Alex North;
      director of photography, Robert B. Hauser; rat trainer, Moe Di
      Sesso.

    Cast: Bruce Davison, Ernest Borgnine, Elsa Lanchester, Sondra Locke,
      Michael Dante.

    © Bing Crosby Productions, Inc.; 15Jun71 (in notice: 1970); LP39865.

  WILLIAM TELL (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 73 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With Filmstrip manual, 9 p.

    Credits: Writer, Gilbert J. Jordan.

    © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep71; JP13506.

  WILLIE LUMP LUMP'S BIRTHDAY. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  WIND. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  WINDFALL. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  WINDOWS. Eastern Regional Institute for Education. 5 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Experiences in process education) © ERIE a.a.d.o. Eastern
    Regional Institute for Education; 15Dec70; MP21806.

  WINGS OVER HOOTERVILLE. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  WISH YOU WERE HERE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  WISHBOOK. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  WITH FRIENDS LIKE HIM, WHO NEEDS. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  WITH LOVE FROM IRVING. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  WITH THIS GOWN I THEE WED. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  THE WITNESS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

    MAYA.

  THE WOMAN'S FILM. Cine News. 43 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Cine News,
    Inc.; 23Feb71; MP21649.

  WOMEN'S LIB. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  WONDER WALKS. See

    BENDING AND REFLECTING SUNLIGHT.

    HOW DO THEY MOVE.

    LET'S FIND LIFE.

    SOME FRIENDLY INSECTS.

    A TIME FOR RAIN.

    A TIME FOR SUN.

    WHAT DO THEY EAT.

    WHERE DOES LIFE COME FROM.

    THE WORLD OF UP CLOSE.

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. Walt Disney Productions. Approx. 60
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Walt Disney Productions.

    1970-71 series.

    The adventures of Bullwhip Griffin, pt. 3; & Project Florida. Based
      on the novel By the Great Horn spoon, by Sid Fleischman. Cast:
      Suzanne Pleshette, Bryan Russell, Roddy McDowall, Mike Mazurki,
      Harry Guardino. Appl. states prev. reg. 9Dec66, LP33839. NM:
      Project Florida. © Walt Disney Productions; 31Jan71 (in notice:
      1906); LP40225.

    Bayou boy, pt. 1-2. Cast: Mitch Vogel, John McIntire, Percy
      Rodrigues, Mike Lookinland. © 7Feb71, LP40101; 14Feb71, LP40102.

    The boy who stole the elephant, pt. 1-2. Based on the book by
      Julilly H. Kohler. Cast: Mark Lester, David Wayne, June Havoc,
      James Westerfield, Whitney Blake. © 20Sep70, LP40094; 27Sep70,
      LP40095.

    Cristobalito, the calypso colt. Credits: Producer, Roy E. Disney;
      screenplay, Norman Wright. Cast: Roberto Vigoreaux. © 13Sep70;
      LP40096.

    Hamad and the pirates: The Island of the Three Palms. Based on a
      story by Richard H. Lyford. Cast: Khalid Marshad, Abdullah Masoud.
      © 14Mar71; LP40106.

    Hamad and the pirates: The phantom dhow. Based on a story by Richard
      H. Lyford. Cast: Khalid Marshad. © 7Mar71; LP40105.

    It's tough to be a bird. Appl. states prev. reg. 1969, MP19910. NM:
      additions & revisions. © 13Dec70; MP22049.

    Snow bear, pt. 1-2. Credits: Producer, Harry Tytle; director,
      Gunther von Fritsch; narrator, John McIntire. Cast: Steve Kaleak,
      Rossman Peetook, Dan Truesdell, Noah Phillips. © 1Nov70, LP40097;
      8Nov70, LP40098.

    Three without fear: In the land of the desert whales. Based on the
      book by Robert C. DuSoe. Cast: Marion Valjalo, Pablo Lopez, Bart
      Orlando, Earl Campus. © 10Jan71; LP40104.

    Three without fear: Lost on the Baja Peninsula. Based on the book by
      Robert C. DuSoe. Cast: Bart Orlando, Juan Jose Ramos, Marion
      Valjalo, Pablo Lopez, Alex Tinne. © 3Jan71; LF40103.

    The wacky zoo of Morgan City, pt. 1-2. Based on the book I'll trade
      you an elk, by Charles A. Goodrun. Cast: Joe Flynn, Hal Holbrook,
      Wally Cox, Mary LaRoche, Anne Seymour. © 18Oct70, LP40099;
      25Oct70, LP40100.

  WONDERS OF NATURE (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources Development Center.
    Distributed by Society for Visual Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. (Singer education & training products)

    Contents: T418-1--T418-6: Trees. 37 fr.--Dinosaurs. 38 fr.--Under
      the ocean. 37 fr.--Earthquakes. 34 fr.--The mysterious magnet. 44
      fr.--The phases of the moon. 42 fr.

    © Teaching Resources Development Center, div. The Communicators,
      Inc.; 31Mar71 (in notice: 1970); JP13554.

  WON'T YOU COME HOME ARNOLD ZIFFEL. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  THE WOODCHUCKS. See

    THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

  WOODWINDS. See

    LEARNING TO PLAY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.

  WORDS, WORDS, WORDS. Amazing Life Games Co. Released by Houghton
    Mifflin Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Houghton Mifflin Co.;
    4Nov71; LP40043.

  WORKING CONDITIONS IN THE AGE OF BIG BUSINESS. See

    THE AMERICANS.

  WORKING TOGETHER. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 12 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    12Mar71; MP21768.

  THE WORLD OF CHARLIE BROWN AND CHARLES SCHULZ. Lee Mendelson
    Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Lee Mendelson Productions;
    24May69; LP39334.

  THE WORLD OF UP CLOSE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Wonder walks) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 21Jul71; MP22024.

  A WORLD WITHOUT MONEY. Film Graphics. Distributed by Walt Disney
    Educational Materials Co. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Walt Disney Educational Materials Co., employer for hire. © Walt
    Disney Educational Materials Co.; 19Jun71 (in notice: 1970);
    LF39502.

  WORSHIP CHRIST (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Jul71; A257452.

  WORTH HOW MANY WORDS. Eastman Kodak Co. [Germany] Made by Goldsholl &
    Associates. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Eastman Kodak Co.; 7Jun68;
    MP21929.

  THE WRINKLED BALL. Macmillan Co. Made by Elektra Film Productions &
    Boondock Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social studies/Focus on
    active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 21Jun71; MP21840.

  WRITERS ON WRITING. See

    ROSS MACDONALD: IN THE FIRST PERSON.


                                   Y

  YANKEE TRADER. See

    TO ROME WITH LOVE.

  YOGURT, ANYONE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  YOU AFTER SURGERY: IMPORTANT ACTIVITIES. Dolores Lola Anderson Burger.
    10 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Dolores A. Burger; 4Nov71;
    MP22045.

  YOU AND YOUR BIG SHRUNKEN HEAD. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  YOU ARE THERE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 30 min. each,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Galileo and his universe. Telecast: Dec. 11, 1971. Credits:
      Producer, Vern Diamond; writer, Walter Bernstein; narrator, Walter
      Cronkite. © 10Nov71; LP40132.

    The vision of Dr. Koch. Telecast: Dec. 4, 1971. Credits: Producer,
      Vern Diamond; writer, Roger O. Hirson; narrator, Walter Cronkite.
      © 3Dec71; LP40133.

  YOU CAN FIGHT CITY HALL. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  YOU CAN TAKE THE BOY OUT OF THE COUNTRY IF YOU PROMISE NOT TO BRING
    HIM BACK. See

    THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

  YOU CAN'T GET THERE FROM HERE. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  YOU CAN'T GO HOME. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  YOU CAN'T PLUG IN A 2 WITH A 6. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  YOU KNOW I CAN'T HEAR YOU WHEN THE THUNDER IS CLAPPING. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  YOU OUGHT TO BE IN PICTURES. See

    GREEN ACRES.

  YOUNG LOVE. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  YOUNG MAN WITH A CORNETTE. See

    THE FLYING NUN.

  YOUNG MATCHMAKERS. See

    PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

  YOUNG PERFORMERS. See

    NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.

  YOUR CHILD: OUR JOINT RESPONSIBILITY (Filmstrip) Southwest Films
    Associates. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas R. Havins,
    Jr. © Southwest Films Associates; 15Jul71; JP13295.

  YOUR PARTNERSHIP WITH POWER. See

    HOW ELECTRICITY WORKS.

  YOUR PARTNERSHIP WITH POWER IN GENERAL CARE (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman
    Productions. 108 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Appl. author: Fran Harris Tuchman. Appl. ti.: Electrical safety in
      general care.

    © Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13431.

  YOUR PARTNERSHIP WITH POWER IN SPECIAL CARE (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman
    Productions. 73 fr., color, 35 mm.

    Appl. author: Fran Harris Tuchman. Appl. ti.: Electrical safety in
      special care.

    © Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13432.

  YOUR TURN IN THE BOX. Lord & King Associates. 17 min., sd., color, 16
    mm.

    Cast: Hank Aaron.

    Appl. author: Robert H. O' Donnell.

    © Lord & King Associates, Inc.; 10Aug71; MP22056.

  YOU'RE IN LOVE, CHARLIE BROWN. Lee Mendelson Film Productions & Bill
    Melendez Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with United Feature Syndicate. © United Feature
    Syndicate, Inc.; 12Jun67; LP39329.

  YOUTH CENTER. See

    GREEN ACRES.


                                   Z

  ZACHARY ZWEEN. Parents' Magazine Films & Sterling Educational Films.
    Distributed by Sterling Educational Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. A Thomas Sand Enterprises production. Based upon The story of
    Zachary Zween, by Mabel Watts. © Sterling Educational Films,
    division of Walter Reade Organization, Inc. & Parents' Magazine
    Films, wholly owned subsidiary of Parents' Magazine Enterprises,
    Inc.; 21Oct71; LP40214.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of motion pictures for which renewal
registrations were made during the period covered by this issue.
Information relating to both the original and the renewal registration
is included in each entry. References from variant titles and from
distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

  ABOU BEN BOOGIE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 14Aug44; M15259. Universal Pictures & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 21Jan72; R520341.

  ABROAD WITH TWO YANKS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Edward Small
    Productions. © 10Jul44; L12862. Edward Small Productions, Inc.
    (PWH); 12Jul71; R509263.

  AIR MASSES AND FRONTS, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions.
    No. 2650. © 22Aug44; M15125. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 10Nov71;
    R516561.

  AL DONAHUE AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN HARMONY HIGHWAY, a photoplay in 2
    reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 28Nov44; L13040. Universal
    Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519207.

  ALL SAILS SET, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    10Sep43; M13938. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71;
    R510523.

  ALLERGIC TO LOVE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    30Jun44; L12744. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509640.

  AN AMERICAN ROMANCE, a photoplay in 16 reels by Loew's. © 6Jun44;
    L169. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Jul71; R508764.

  AMOOZIN' BUT CONFOOZIN', a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    3Mar44; L12565. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519963.

  AND NOW TOMORROW, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    24Nov44; L12962. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 6Dec71; R517881.

  ATLANTIC CITY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    16Aug44; L12828. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520385.

  AVIATION EXPERT, DONALD DOUGLAS, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Universal Pictures Co. © 18Apr44; M14798. Universal Pictures, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 13May71; R509616.


                                   B

  BAA BAA BLACK SHEEP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 7Feb44; M14456. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    20Dec71; R519179.

  BABES ON SWING STREET, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 25Oct44; L12926. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519184.

  BABIES BY BANNISTER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 1Oct43; M15085. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    14Sep71; R511878.

  BACHELOR DAZE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    8Feb44; L12479. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec71;
    R517661.

  BARBARY COAST GENT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 1Aug44; L181.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Aug71; R510896.

  BATMAN, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2 reels
    each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap. no.

    8. Lured by radium. © 3Sep43; L12639. 27Aug71; R511889.

    9. The sign of the sphinx. © 10Sep43; L12553. 27Aug71; R511886.

    10. Flying spies. © 17Sep43; L12561. 27Aug71; R511887.

    11. A Nipponese trap. © 24Sep43; L12562. 27Aug71; R511888.

    12. Embers of evil. © 1Oct43; L12563. 14Sep71; R511870.

    13. Eight steps down. © 8Oct43; L12568. 14Sep71; R511871.

    14. The executioner strikes. © 15Oct43; L12569. 14Sep71; R511872.

    15. The doom of the rising sun. © 22Oct43; L12570. 14Sep71; R511873.

  THE BEACH NUT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
    Walter Lantz Productions. © 31Aug44; M15239. Universal Pictures, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 23Sep71; R513460.

  BEAR MOUNTAIN GAME, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 29Jun44; M15062. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509655.

  BEAR RAID WARDEN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 30Aug44; L165.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep71; R512078.

  BEAUTIFUL BUT BROKE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 24Feb44; L12776. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec71;
    R517669.

  BENEATH WESTERN SKIES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 7Feb44; L12522. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510533.

  BETWEEN TWO WOMEN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew's. © 19Dec44;
    L13053. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec71; R519495.

  BEYOND THE PECOS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12972. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519194.

  BIG HEEL-WATHA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 18Oct44; L12931.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct71; R515299.

  THE BIRTH OF A STAR, a photoplay in 4 reels by Astor Pictures Corp. ©
    23Nov44; L13006. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 14Dec71; R518550.

  THE BLACK PARACHUTE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 22Apr44; L12613. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519971.

  BLONDE FEVER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Loew's. © 5Dec44; L13035.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec71; R518178.

  THE BODYGUARD, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Jul44; L168.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jul71; R509318.

  BONNIE LASSIE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    11Oct44; L12884. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Dec71; R519319.

  BORDERTOWN TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    16Jul44; L12752. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517629.

  BOSS OF BOOMTOWN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    22May44; L12660. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jun71; R509624.

  BOWERY TO BROADWAY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 26Oct44; L12944. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519187.

  BRAZIL, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions. © 16Oct44;
    L12997. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520393.

  BRIDE BY MISTAKE, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    9Aug44; L13005. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513135.

  THE BRIDGE OF SAN LUIS REY, a photoplay in 12 reels by Benedict
    Bogeaus Productions. © 11Feb44; L12725. Film Archives Trading Co.
    (PWH); 17Sep71; R512893.

  BUSY BUDDIES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    17Mar44; L12549. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519957.


                                   C

  CALL OF THE ROCKIES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    8Jun44; L12699. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517619.

  CALL OF THE SOUTH SEAS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 9May44; L12716. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary
    of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517622.

  CAMERA DIGEST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    14Jan44; M14479. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Dec71;
    R517061.

  CAPTAIN AMERICA, a series of photoplays by Republic Productions. 2
    reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary
    of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap.

    4-10. © 23Feb44; L12516. 2Aug71; R510532.

    11-15. © 5Feb44; L12622. 2Aug71; R510539.

  CARIBBEAN ROMANCE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    17Dec43; L12425. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71;
    R514466.

  CHAMBER OF DEATH. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 10.

  THE CHAMP OF CHAMPIONS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 29Oct43; M14176. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 14Sep71; R511877.

  THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME; a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 150ct43; L12305. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    14Sep71; R511864.

  CHEYENNE WILDCAT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    11Sep44; L12875. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520390.

  CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    14Jun44; L12745. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509641.

  CITY OF BRIGHAM YOUNG, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    25Jun44; M331. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Jun71; R508761.

  THE CLIMAX, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    25Oct44; L12927. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519185.

  THE CLOCK WATCHER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    2Nov44; L13104. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 3Dec71; R517735.

  THE COCKY BANTAM, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 12Nov43;
    L12485. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71; R512909.

  CODE OF THE PRAIRIE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    12Sep44; L12873. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520388.

  THE COLD FRONT, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    22Aug44; M15126. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep71; R512643.

  COMMUNITY SING, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 8, 1943/44.

    3. © 24Sep43; M14074. 27Aug71; R511892.

    4. © 5Oct43; M14015. 14Sep71; R511874.

    5. © 25Nov43; M15082. 20Sep71; R512915.

    6. © 21Dec43; M15081. 5Nov71; R516142.

    7. © 23Dec43; M14362. 5Nov71; R516140.

    8. © 28Jan44; M14463. 10Dec71; R517059.

    9. © 21Feb44; M14632. 6Dec71; R517674.

    10. © 17Mar44; M14633. 3Jan72; R519951.

    11. © 13Apr44; M14897. 3Jan72; R519954.

  COVER GIRL, a photoplay in 12 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    6Apr44; L12592. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519964.

  COWBOY CANTEEN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    8Feb44; L12783. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec71;
    R517671.

  COWBOY IN THE CLOUDS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 3Feb44; L12476. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    6Dec71; R517660.

  CRASH GOES THE HASH, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 3Feb44; L12480. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec71;
    R517662.

  CRAZY LIKE A FOX, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    17Apr44; L12605 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519967.

  THE CRIME DOCTOR'S STRANGEST CASE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 9Dec43; L12634. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 5Nov71; R516138.

  CUE WIZARDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (World of sports) © 30Sep43; M14038. Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc. (PWH); 27Aug71; R511891.


                                   D

  DANGEROUS BLONDES, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    18Sep43; L12262. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27Aug71;
    R511881.

  DARK SHADOWS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew's. © 11Dec44; L13058.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 13Dec71; R518180.

  DARK WATERS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Benedict Bogeaus. © 15Sep44;
    L13028. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 22Sep71; R513513.

  DEAD MAN'S EYES, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    25Oct44; L12925. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519183.

  DEFECTIVE DETECTIVES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 22Mar44; L12551. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    3Jan72; R519959.

  DESTINY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 28Nov44;
    L13114. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519208.

  DESTROYER, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    2Sep43; L12261. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Jul71;
    R508922.

  THE DISILLUSIONED BLUE BIRD, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    26May44; L12772. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519942.

  DIZZY PILOTS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    24Sep43; L12278. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27Aug71;
    R511883.

  DOCTOR, FEEL MY PULSE, a photoplay in 1632 ft. by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 21Jan44; L12482. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    10Dec71; R517053.

  DOGS FOR SHOW, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    27Oct44; M15542. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519216.

  DONALD'S OFF DAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 21Sep44; L13133. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    4Oct71; R514587.

  DOOM OF THE RISING SUN. See

    BATMAN. Chap. no. 15.

  DOUBLE INDEMNITY, a photoplay in 11 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    21Apr44; L12748. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 2Sep71; R512088.

  DOUGHBOYS IN IRELAND, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 7Oct43; L12307. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    14Sep71; R511866.

  DRAGON SEED, a photoplay in 15 reels by Loew's. © 20Jul44; L12741.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 23Jul71; R509580.

  THE DREAM KIDS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 28Apr44;
    L12768. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72; R519941.


                                   E

  EGGS DON'T BOUNCE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    24Dec43; L12469. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71;
    R514467.

  EIGHT STEPS DOWN. See

    BATMAN. Chap. no. 13.

  EMBERS OF EVIL. See

    BATMAN. Chap. no. 12.

  EMERALD KEY. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 11.

  EMIL COLEMAN AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN ON THE MELLOW SIDE, a photoplay in 2
    reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 28Nov44; L13031. Universal
    Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519204.

  END OF THE ROAD, a photoplay in 5 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    31Aug44; L12826. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520383.

  ENTER ARSENE LUPIN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    27Nov44; L12980. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519202.

  ESCAPE TO DANGER, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio British
    Productions. © 3Feb44; L12589. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71;
    R513125.

  EXECUTIONER STRIKES. See

    BATMAN. Chap, no. 4.


                                   F

  FACES IN THE FOG, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    10Nov44; L13151. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520399.

  THE FALCON IN MEXICO, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    26Jul44; L12794. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513131.

  FANGS OF THE BEAST. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode No. 12.

  THE FANTASTIC CASTLE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 21Aug44; M15257. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Sep71; R513467.

  THE FIGHTING SEABEES, a photoplay in 11 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 17Jan44; L12458. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510528.

  FILM VODVIL, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp. 1
    reel each. © Columbia pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 1, 1943/44.

    1. © 10Sep43; M14101. 27Aug71; R511893.

    2. © 12Oct43; M14022. 14Sep71; R511875.

    3. © 19Nov43; M14284. 20Sep71; R512914.

    4. © 31Dec43; M14504. 5Nov71; R516141.

    5. © 7Apr44; M14883. 3Jan72; R519952.

  FIRE PRINCESS. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 9.

  FIREBRANDS OF ARIZONA, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 13Nov44; L12998. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520394.

  FIRST AIDERS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    14Jul44; L13105. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 9Aug71; R510660.

  FISH FRY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
    Walter Lantz Productions. © 14Jun44; M15322. Universal Pictures, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 14Jul71; R509656.

  FLYING SPIES. See

    BATMAN. Chap. no. 10.

  FLYING THE WEATHER MAP, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    22Aug44; M15129. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep71; R512646.

  FOG, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions. © 22Aug44; M15123. ©
    Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep71; R512641.

  FOLLOW THRU WITH SAM BYRD, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 18Feb44; M14503. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 6Dec71; R517673.

  FOSTER'S CANARY COLLEGE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 18Apr44; M14801. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 13May71; R509618.

  FRAUD BY MAIL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    18Apr44; M14797. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 13May71; R509615.

  FRENCHMAN'S CREEK, a photoplay in 12 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    12Sep44; L13021. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 23Sep71; R513450.

  FROM SPRUCE TO BOMBER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 7Aug44; M15256. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Sep71;
    R513466.

  THE FROZEN GHOST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co, ©
    20Nov44; L12970. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519192.

  FUN TIME, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 16Jun44;
    L12721. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Dec71; R519317.


                                   G

  G-I-FUN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 24Dec43;
    M14422. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71; R514472.

  GABRIEL CHURCHKITTEN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    15Dec44; L13185. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Dec71; R519321.

  GEM OF A JAM, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    9Nov43; L12356. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71;
    R512904.

  GENTLE ANNIE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew's. © 19Dec44; L13027.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (FWH); 21Dec71; R519493.

  GHOST CATCHERS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    14Jun44; L12762. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH): 14Jul71; R509644.

  THE GHOST THAT WALKS ALONE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 7Feb44; L12474. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 6Dec71; R517659.

  GHOST WHO WALKS. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 5.

  GIDDY-YAPPING, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 7Apr44; L12607.
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH): 3Jan72; R519969.

  GILDERSLEEVE'S GHOST, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    26May44; L12792. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513130.

  GIRL IN THE CASE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    10Apr44; L12593. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519965.

  THE GIRL WHO DARED, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    13Jun44; L12718. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517623.

  GOIN' TO TOWN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Jack Wm. Votion Productions.
    © 30Sep44; L12913. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 30Sep71;
    R514307.

  GOOD-NIGHT RUSTY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    3Dec43; L12399. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71;
    R514465.

  GOODNIGHT SWEETHEART, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 17May44; L12656. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517618.

  GRANDFATHER'S FOLLIES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 4Mar44; L12514, United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    20Dec71; R519177.

  GRANDPA CALLED IT ART, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 12Jul44;
    L12740. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jul71; R509317.

  GYPSY WILDCAT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Jul44; L12876. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Aug71; R510938.


                                   H

  HALFWAY TO HEAVEN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    25Aug44; L12834. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Dec71; R519318.

  HARMONY HIGHWAY. See

    AL DONAHUE AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN HARMONY HIGHWAY.

  HAUNTED HARBOR, a series of photoplays by Republic Productions. 2
    reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Repix, Inc. (PWH)

    Episode no.

    1-5. © 18Aug44; L12871. 20Jan72; R520386.

    6-10. © 14Sep44; L12872. 20Jan72; R520387.

    11-15. © 12Oct44; L12995. 20Jan72; R520391.

  HE WAS ONLY FEUDIN', a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 9Nov43; L12357. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71;
    R512905.

  THE HEAT'S ON, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    18Nov43; L12362. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71;
    R512906.

  HEAVENLY DAYS, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    13Aug44; L12912. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R515133.

  HERE COME THE WAVES, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    15Dec44; L13062. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 20Dec71; R519180.

  THE HERRING MURDER MYSTERY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    20Jan44; L12491. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Dec71;
    R517054.

  HEY, ROOKIE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    31Dec43; L12494. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71;
    R516134.

  HI BEAUTIFUL, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12978. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519200.

  HIDDEN VALLEY OUTLAWS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 24Feb44; L12513. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510530.

  HIS TALE IS TOLD, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    4Mar44; L12550. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519958.

  HOBO NEWS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. © 18Apr44;
    M14796. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios,
    Inc. (PWH); 13May71; R509614.

  THE HONEST FORGER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 29Jun44; M15061. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509654.

  HOUSE OF FEAR, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    6Dec44; L13029. Universal Pictures Co., Inc. (PWH); 9Dec71; R518424.

  HOUSE OF FRANKENSTEIN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 20Nov44; L12971. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519193.


                                   I

  ICING CONDITIONS, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    22Aug44; M15124. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep71; R512642.

  IDOL OF THE CROWD, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 7Aug44; M15260. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Sep71; R513468.

  I'LL REMEMBER APRIL, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 20Nov44; L12967. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519189.

  IMAGINATION, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 19Nov43; L12384.
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71; R512908.

  IN OUR TIME, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    19Feb44; L12497. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71;
    R519175.

  IN QUEST OF THE KEYS. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 8.

  IN SOCIETY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    30Aug44; L12877. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Nov71; R515130.

  THE INVISIBLE MAN'S REVENGE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 14Jun44; L12743. Universal Pictures, division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509639.

  IS EVERYBODY HAPPY; a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 15Oct43; L12306. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    14Sep71; R511865.

  IT HAPPENED TOMORROW; a photoplay in 9 reels by Arnold Productions. ©
    7Apr44; L12609. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 25Aug71; R511562.


                                   J

  JAM SESSION, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    22Mar44; L12556. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519962.

  JAMBOREE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. © 15Mar44;
    L12557. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510537.

  JAMES A. FITZPATRICK'S TRAVELTALKS. See

    ROAMING THROUGH ARIZONA.

  JASPER GOES FISHING, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    8Oct43; L12309. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71;
    R514464.

  JIVE BUSTERS. See

    SONNY DUNHAM AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN JIVE BUSTERS.

  JOURNEY TO YESTERDAY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Jul44;
    L227. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jul71; R509320.

  JUNGLE JIVE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
    Walter Lantz Productions. © 4May44; M15329. Universal Pictures, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 7Jun71; R509637.

  JUNGLE WHISPERS. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 6.

  JUNGLE WOMAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    14Jun44; L12746. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509642.


                                   K

  KANSAS CITY KITTY; a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    24Aug44; L13033. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27Aug71;
    R511863.

  KISMET; a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 22Aug44; L185.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25Aug71; R511692.

  KLONDIKE KATE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    20Dec43; L12398. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71;
    R516131.


                                   L

  THE LADY AND THE MONSTER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 28Feb44; L12515. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary
    of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510531.

  A LADY FIGHTS BACK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 3Nov44; L12950.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71; R516251.

  A LADY TAKES A CHANCE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Frank Ross, Inc. ©
    15Sep43; L12405. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 8Sep71; R512028.

  LAKE PLACID SERENADE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 13Dec44; L13066. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520397.

  THE LARAMIE TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    25Feb44; L12512. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510529.

  THE LAST HORSEMAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    22Jun44; L12785. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Jul71;
    R508925.

  LIONEL LION, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 3Mar44; L12554.
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72; R519960.

  LOST CITY. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode No. 14.

  LOST IN A HAREM; a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 22Aug44; L216.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25Aug71; R511693.

  LOUISIANA HAYRIDE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    25May44; L12739. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519978.

  LUCKY COWBOY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 6Jan44;
    L12493. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Dec71; R519315.

  LURED BY RADIUM. See

    BATMAN. Chap no. 8.


                                   M

  MADEMOISELLE FIFI, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    2Aug44; L12791. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513129.

  MAGIC STRENGTH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 4Feb44;
    L12496. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec71; R517663.

  MAIN STREET AFTER DARK, a photoplay in 6 reels by Loew's. © 28Nov44;
    L13019. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Dec71; R517411.

  MAISIE GOES TO RENO, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 20Jul44;
    L179. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 23Jul71; R509581.

  MAN FROM FRISCO, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    17Apr44; L12624. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517616.

  MAN IN HALF MOON STREET, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 19Oct44; L13014. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct71; R515369.

  THE MAN WHO NEVER DIES. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 2.

  MARINE RAIDERS, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    21Jun44; L12788. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513127.

  MARRIAGE IS A PRIVATE AFFAIR, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. ©
    22Jul44; L186. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 23Jul71; R509582.

  MARSHAL OF RENO, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    22May44; L12700. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517620.

  MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. © 2Nov44;
    L12965. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71; R516252.

  MELODY PARADE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Nov44; L12977. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519199.

  MERMAIDS ON PARADE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 22Oct43; M14080. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
    29Sep71; R514469.

  THE MERRY MONAHANS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 28Jul44; L12878. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Aug71; R510939.

  MIDNIGHT MELODIES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    14Jun44; L12747. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509643.

  MINISTRY OF FEAR, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    16Oct44; L13063. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 26Oct71; R515368.

  MIRACLE OF MORGAN'S CREEK, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 5Jan44; L12498. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 14Dec71;
    R518549.

  MR. CHIMP GOES SOUTH, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 18Apr44; M14799. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 13May71; R509617.

  MR. MUGGS STEPS OUT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
    © 29Oct43; L12341. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 22Oct71;
    R515429.

  MR. WINKLE GOES TO WAR, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 3Aug44; L13026. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    13Aug71; R511012.

  MRS. PARKINGTON, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 18Oct44; L12932.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct71; R515300.

  MOJAVE FIREBRAND, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    31Jan44; L12524. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510534.

  MONUMENTAL UTAH, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 12Jul44;
    M430. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jul71; R509321.

  MOPEY DOPE, a photoplay in 1,501 feet by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    20May44; L12677. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519973.

  MOUSE TROUBLE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 21Dec44; L13083.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 27Dec71; R519491.

  THE MUMMY'S CURSE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12973. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519195.

  MURDER IN THE BLUE ROOM, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 20Nov44; L12968. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519190.

  MUSIC FOR MILLIONS, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 1Dec44;
    L13052. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec71; R517823.

  MUSIC IN MANHATTAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    11Aug44; L13004. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513134.

  MY BEST GAL, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    14Feb44; L12533. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510536.

  MY BUDDY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. © 13Sep44;
    L12874. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520389.

  MY GAL LOVES MUSIC, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12981. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519203.

  MY KINGDOM FOR A COOK; a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 14Oct43; L12368. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    14Sep71; R511867.

  MYSTERY WELL. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 7.


                                   N

  NATIONAL BARN DANCE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    1Sep44; L12937. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 23Sep71; R513448.

  NATIONAL VELVET, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. © 19Dec44; L13036.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec71; R519494.

  NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1
    reel each. © Hearst Metrotone News, division of Hearst Corp. (PWH)

    v. 15, issue no.

    285. © 5Jul44; M15066. 3Nov71; R516312.

    286. © 7Jul44; M15067. 3Nov71; R516313.

    287. © 12Jul44; M15087. 3Nov71; R516314.

    288. © 14Jul44; M15088. 3Nov71; R516315.

    289. © 19Jul44; M15104. 3Nov71; R516316.

    290. © 21Jul44; M15105. 3Nov71; R516317.

    291. © 26Jul44; M15159. 3Nov71; R516318.

    292. © 28Jul44; M15160. 3Nov71; R516319.

    293. © 2Aug44; M15161. 3Nov71; R516320.

    294. © 4Aug44; M15162. 3Nov71; R516321.

    295. © 9Aug44; M15183. 3Nov71; R516322.

    296. © 11Aug44; M15184. 3Nov71; R516323.

    297. © 16Aug44; M15185. 3Nov71; R516324.

    298. © 18Aug44; M15186. 3Nov71; R516325.

    299. © 23Aug44; M15210. 3Nov71; R516326.

    300. © 25Aug44; M15211. 3Nov71; R516327.

    301. © 30Aug44; M15212. 3Nov71; R516328.

    302. © 1Sep44; M15213. 3Nov71; R516329.

    303. © 6Sep44; M15246. 3Nov71; R516331.

    v. 16, issue no.

    200. © 8Sep44; M15245. 3Nov71; R516330.

    201. © 13Sep44; M15314. 3Nov71; R516332.

    202. © 15Sep44; M15315. 3Nov71; R516333.

    203. © 20Sep44; M15316. 3Nov71; R516334.

    204. © 22Sep44; M15317. 3Nov71; R516335.

    205. © 27Sep44; M15334. 3Nov71; R516336.

    206. © 29Sep44; M15335. 3Nov71; R516337.

  NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1
    reel each. © Hearst Metrotone News, Inc. (PWH)

    v. 15.

    259. © 5Apr44; M14784. 15Jul71; R509172.

    260. © 7Apr44; M14785. 15Jul71; R509173.

    261. © 12Apr44; M14830. 15Jul71; R509174.

    262. © 14Apr44; M14831. 15Jul71; R509175.

    263. © 19Apr44; M14832. 15Jul71; R509176.

    264. © 21Apr44; M14833. 15Jul71; R509177.

    265. © 26Apr44; M14841. 15Jul71; R509178.

    266. © 28Apr44; M14842. 15Jul71; R509179.

    267. © 3May44; M14887. 15Jul71; R509180.

    268. © 5May44; M14888. 15Jul71; R509181.

    269. © 10May44; M14898. 15Jul71; R509182.

    270. © 12May44; M14899. 15Jul71; R509183.

    271. © 17May44; M14933. 15Jul71; R509184.

    272. © 19May44; M14934. 15Jul71; R509185.

    273. © 24May44; M14962. 15Jul71; R509186.

    274. © 26May44; M14963. 15Jul71; R509187.

    275. © 31May44; M14971. 15Jul71; R509188.

    276. © 2Jun44; M14972. 15Jul71; R509189.

    277. © 7Jun44; M14981. 15Jul71; R509190.

    278. © 9Jun44; M14982. 15Jul71; R509191.

    279. © 13Jun44; M14994. 15Jul71; R509192.

    280. © 16Jun44; M14995. 15Jul71; R509193.

    281. © 21Jun44; M15020. 15Jul71; R509194.

    282. © 23Jun44; M15021. 15Jul71; R509195.

    283. © 28Jun44; M15064. 15Jul71; R509196.

    284. © 30Jun44; M15065. 15Jul71; R509197.

  NIGHT CLUB GIRL, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12975. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519197.

  A NIGHT OF ADVENTURE, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    2Jun44; L12790. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513128.

  NINE GIRLS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    17Feb44; L12510. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec71;
    R517665.

  NIPPONESE TRAP. See

    BATMAN. Chap. no. 11.

  NONE SHALL ESCAPE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 3Feb44; L12473. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 13Jul71;
    R508924.

  NOSTRADAMUS IV, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 3Oct44; L12951.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Oct71; R514786.

  NOTHING BUT TROUBLE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Loew's. © 20Nov44;
    L13016. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Dec71; R517412.

  NURSERY CRIMES; a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 8Oct43;
    L12484. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Sep71; R511869.


                                   O

  OCCLUDED FRONTS, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    22Aug44; M15128. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep71; R512645.

  OH BABY! A photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 17Apr44;
    L12604. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72; R519966.

  THE OLD TEXAS TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 28Nov44; L12979. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519201.

  ON THE MELLOW SIDE. See

    EMIL COLEMAN AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN ON THE MELLOW SIDE.

  ONCE UPON A TIME, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    22Apr44; L12612. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519970.

  OUR HEARTS WERE YOUNG AND GAY, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 1Sep44; L12955. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 23Sep71; R513449.

  OUTLAWS OF SANTA FE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    6Mar44; L12532. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510535.

  OUTLAWS OF STAMPEDE PASS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 3Sep43; L12277. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH);
    30Aug71; R512233.

  OVER THE ANDES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 22Sep44; M362.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 30Sep71; R514414.

  OVER THE WALL, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    8Feb44; L12481. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71;
    R519174.

  OZARK SPORTSMEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    19Nov43; M14361. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71;
    R514471.


                                   P

  PAGLIACCI SWINGS IT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 22May44; L12659. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jun71; R509623.

  PARDON MY RHYTHM, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    5May44; L12880. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jun71; R509626.

  PASSAGE TO MARSEILLE, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 11Mar44; L12525. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    20Dec71; R519178.

  PATRICK THE GREAT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12966. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519188.

  PEACE IN THE JUNGLE. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 15.

  PEARL OF DEATH, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    30Aug44; L12882. Universal Pictures Co., Inc. (PWH); 2Sep71;
    R512497.

  PENTHOUSE RHYTHM, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12974. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519196.

  THE PHANTOM, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2 reels
    each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Episode no.

    1. The sign of the skull. © 24Dec43; L12529. 5Nov71; R516136.

    2. The man who never dies. © 31Dec43; L12537. 5Nov7l; R516137.

    3. A traitor's code. © 7Jan44; L12560. 10Dec71; R517055.

    4. The seat of judgment. © 15Jan44; L12567. 10Dec71; R517056.

    5. The ghost who walks. © 22Jan44: L12583. 10Dec71; R517057.

    6. Jungle whispers. © 29Jan44; L12608. 10Dec71; R517058.

    7. The mystery well. © 5Feb44; L12779. 6Dec71; R517670.

    8. In quest of the keys. © 12Feb44; L12617. 6Dec71; R517666.

    9. The fire princess. © 19Feb44; L12632. 6Dec71; R517667.

    10. The chamber of death. © 26Feb44; L12641. 6Dec71; R517668.

    11. The emerald key. © 5Mar44; L12648. 3Jan72; R519972.

    12. The fangs of the beast. © 12Mar44; L12780. 3Jan72; R519943.

    13. The road to Zoloz. © 17Mar44; L12684. 3Jan72; R519974.

    14. The lost city. © 24Mar44; L12691. 3Jan72; R519975.

    15. Peace in the jungle. © 31Mar44; L12714. 3Jan72; R519976.

  PHONY EXPRESS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    3Nov43; L12344. Columbia Pictures Industries Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71;
    R512903.

  PIED PIPER OF BASIN STREET, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 27Nov44; M15492.
    Universal Pictures, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. &
    Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 20Dec71; R519215.

  PITCHIN' IN THE KITCHEN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 10Sep43; L12258. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27Aug71; R511879.

  THE PLASTICS INVENTOR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 5Jul44; L13106. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    9Aug71; R510661.

  THE PLAYFUL PEST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 3Dec43;
    L12486. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71; R516133.

  POLAR PEST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 20Dec44; L13082.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 27Dec71; R519490.

  POLAR PEST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 21Dec44; L260.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 27Dec71; R519492.

  POLLY WANTS A DOCTOR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 31Dec43;
    L12495. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71; R516135.

  THE PORT OF FORTY THIEVES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 26Jun44; L12731. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary
    of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517624.

  PRACTICALLY YOURS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    14Dec44; L13138. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 20Dec71; R519181.

  PUTTIN' ON THE DOG, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 28Oct44;
    L12963. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Nov71; R515533.


                                   R

  THE RACKET MAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    23Mar44; L12555. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519961.

  RAINBOW ISLAND, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    31Aug44; L12865. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 2Sep71; R512089.

  RECKLESS AGE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    26Oct44; L12943. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519186.

  RENEGADES OF THE RIO GRANDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 20Nov44; L12976. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71;
    R519198.

  THE RETURN OF THE VAMPIRE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 11Nov43; LP12353. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    13Jul71; R508923.

  RIDERS OF THE SANTA FE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 5Oct44; L12903. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519182.

  RIDING WEST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    18May44; L12784. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519946.

  ROAD TO ZOLOZ. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode No. 13.

  ROAMING THROUGH ARIZONA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. (James
    A. Fitzpatrick's Traveltalks) © 2Jun44; M14901. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
    Inc. (PWH); 28Jun71; R508762.

  ROARING GUNS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    26Feb44; L12500. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71;
    R519176.

  THE ROCKY ROAD TO RUIN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    23Sep43; L12296. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27Aug71;
    R511884.

  A ROOKIE'S COOKIE; a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    8Oct43; L12376. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Sep71;
    R511868.

  ROOM AND BORED, a photoplay in one reel by Screen Gems. © 30Sep43;
    L12372. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27Aug71; R511885.

  ROSIE, THE RIVETER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    27Feb44; L12558. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510538.


                                   S

  SADIE HAWKINS DAY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 4May44;
    L12767. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72; R519940.

  SAFETY SLEUTH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 20Nov44; L12964.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Nov71; R517149.

  SAHARA, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 15Sep43;
    L12260. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 27Aug71; R511880.

  SAILOR'S HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    24Feb44; L12509. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec71;
    R517664.

  THE SAN ANTONIO KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Pictures Corp.
    © 18Jul44; L12778. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517633.

  SAN DIEGO, I LOVE YOU, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 15Sep44; L12905. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Oct71; R515133.

  THE SCARLET CLAW, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    5May44; L12904. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jun71; R509627.

  SCREEN SNAPSHOTS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 23, 1943/44.

    3. © 28Sep43; M13982. 27Aug71; R511890.

    4. © 28Oct43; M14081. 14Sep71; R511876.

    5. © 23Nov43; M14175. 20Sep71; R512912.

    6. © 20Dec43; M14301. 5Nov71; R516139.

    7. © 9Feb44; M14464. 6Dec71; R517672.

    8. © 18Mar44; M14631. 3Jan72; R519950.

    9. © 21Apr44; M15084. 3Jan72; R519956.

  SEAT OF JUDGMENT. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 4.

  SECRETS OF SCOTLAND YARD, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 6Jun44; L12701. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary
    of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517621.

  SEE MY LAWYER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    20Nov44; L12969. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519191.

  SENSATIONS OF 1945, a photoplay in 5 reels by Andrew Stone Pictures
    Corp. © 30Jun44; L12825. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 30Jun71;
    R508587.

  THE SEVENTH CROSS, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 12Jul44; L180.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jul71; R509319.

  SHERIFF OF LAS VEGAS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 12Dec44; L13068. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520398.

  SHERIFF OF SUNDOWN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    11Oct44; L12996. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520392.

  SHERLOCK HOLMES FACES DEATH, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 13Sep43; L12274. Universal Pictures Co., Inc. (PWH);
    26Jul71; R509236.

  SHOWBOAT SERENADE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    25Feb44; L12646. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Dec71; R519316.

  THE SIGN OF THE SKULL. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 1.

  SILENT PARTNER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    17Apr44; L12623. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517615.

  SILVER CITY KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    12Jun44; L12753. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517630.

  SILVER CITY RAIDERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 10Sep43; L12263. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    27Aug71; R511882.

  SIGN OF THE SPHINX. See

    BATMAN. Chap. no. 9.

  SING, HELEN, SING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    6Aug43; M13843. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71;
    R510522.

  SING, NEIGHBOR, SING, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 17Jul44; L12750. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517627.

  THE SINGING SHERIFF, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 15Sep44; L12922. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Oct71; R515134.

  SIX-GUN GOSPEL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    16Jul43; L12162. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. formerly k.a.
    Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 9Jul71; R508859.

  SKI FOR TWO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    15Sep44; M15258. Universal Pictures & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 21Jan72; R520340.

  A SONG TO REMEMBER, a photoplay in 12 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 28Dec44; L13024. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    28Dec71; R519932.

  SONNY DUNHAM AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN JIVE BUSTERS, a photoplay in 2 reels
    by Universal Pictures Co. © 28Nov44; L13032. Universal Pictures
    (PWH); 20Dec71; R519205.

  SOUTH OF DIXIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    22May44; L12661. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 7Jun71; R509625.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN TALES OF THE BORDER, a motion picture in 1 reel
    by Paramount Pictures. © 17Dec43; M14438. National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71; R514473.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE DESERT, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 5Oct43; M14036. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 29Sep71; R514468.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE GARDEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 20Aug43; M14571. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510525.

  SPIDER WOMAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    24Nov43; L12379. Universal Pictures Co., Inc. (PWH); 26Jul71;
    R509237.

  SPINNING A YARN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 7Aug44; M15238. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Sep71; R513459.

  SPORTS QUIZ, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. (What's your I.Q.,
    no. 8) © 24Aug44; M400. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Aug71;
    R511918.

  STAGECOACH TO MONTEREY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 3Aug44; L12827. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520384.

  STAR BRIGHT, a photoplay in 1,788 ft. by Paramount Pictures. ©
    15Dec44; L13015. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Dec71; R519320.

  STARS ON PARADE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    25May44; L13025. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519949.

  STEP LIVELY, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. ©
    26Jun44; L12787. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513126.

  STORM OVER LISBON, a photoplay in 9 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    13Jun44; L12777. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517632.

  STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 19Jul44; L12751. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary
    of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517628.

  STUFFY IN DOWN WITH EVERYTHING, a motion pictures in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 24Sep43; M14037. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71; R510524.

  SUMMER STORM, a photoplay in 12 reels by Angelus Pictures. © 14Jul44;
    L12764. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 17Sep71; R512894.

  SUNDOWN VALLEY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    23Mar44; L12781. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519944.

  SWING OUT THE BLUES, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 14Jan44; L12439. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    10Dec71; R517051.

  SWINGTIME HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Jul44; L12851. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Aug71; R510937.


                                   T

  TABLE TENNIS TOPNOTCHERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 21Apr44; M14884. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 3Jan72; R519953.

  TARZAN'S DESERT MYSTERY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Principal Artists
    Productions. © 26Nov43; L12444. NGC Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Nov71;
    R516498.

  TEN PIN ACES, a motion pictures in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (The World of sports) © 26Nov43; M14283. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71; R512913.

  THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A SOLDIER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 30Nov43; L12635. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 20Sep71; R512910.

  THE THIN MAN GOES HOME, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 1Dec44;
    L13059. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec71; R517822.

  THIRTY SECONDS OVER TOKYO, a photoplay in 14 reels by Loew's. ©
    3Nov44; L13020. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71; R516250.

  THOROUGHBREDS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    14Nov44; L13037. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520396.

  THREE BEARS IN A BOAT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    20Aug43; L12228. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71;
    R510521.

  THE THREE CABALLEROS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 28Oct44; L13147. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    10Nov71; R516560.

  THREE LITTLE SISTERS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 10Jul44; L12754. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517631.

  THUNDER ROCK, a photoplay in nine reels by Warwick Amusement Corp. ©
    1Sep44; L12947. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 17Sep71; R512895.

  THUNDERSTORMS, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions. © 22Aug44;
    M15122. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep71; R512640.

  TIGER TROUBLE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    11Oct44; L13132. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 10Nov71; R516559.

  THE TIGER WOMAN, a series of photoplays by Republic Productions. 2
    reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary
    of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap.

    1-6. © 8May44; L12732. 20Dec71; R517625.

    7-12. © 27Jun44; L12733. 20Dec71; R517626.

  TILL WE MEET AGAIN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    29Aug44; L12918. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 2Sep71; R512090.

  TO HEIR IS HUMAN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    14Jan44; L12478. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Dec71;
    R517052.

  TRADITIONS OF MEXICO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 18Apr44; M14918. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    3Jan72; R519955.

  TRAIL TO GUNSIGHT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    30Aug44; L12879. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Nov71; R515131.

  TRAITOR'S CODE. See

    THE PHANTOM. Episode no. 3.

  TRIGGER TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Jul44; L12881. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Aug71; R510940.

  THE TRUCK THAT FLEW, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    6Aug43; L12174. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71;
    R510520.

  TUCSON RAIDERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    3May44; L12653. Repix, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec71; R517617.

  TWILIGHT ON THE PRAIRIE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 14Jun44; L12742. Universal Pictures, division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul71; R509638.

  TWO-MAN SUBMARINE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    16Mar44; L12802. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519947.


                                   U

  UNDERGROUND GUERRILLAS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 18May44; L12738. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    3Jan72; R519977.

  UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
    Pictures (PWH)

    v. 17, no.

    315. © 1Aug44; M15175. 23Sep71; R513451.

    316. © 3Aug44; M15176. 23Sep71; R513452.

    317. © 8Aug44; M15177. 23Sep71; R513453.

    318. © 10Aug44; M15178. 23Sep71; R513454.

    319. © 15Aug44; M15179. 23Sep71; R513455.

    320. © 17Aug44; M15180. 23Sep71; R513456.

    320. © 18Aug44; M15253. 23Sep71; R513463.

    321. © 22Aug44; M15181. 23Sep71; R513457.

    321. © 21Aug44; M15254. 23Sep71; R513464.

    322. © 24Aug44; M15182. 23Sep71; R513458.

    322. © 24Aug44; M15255. 23Sep71; R513465.

    323. © 29Aug44; M15251. 23Sep71; R513461.

    324. © 31Aug44; M15252. 23Sep71; R513462.

    325. © 5Sep44; M15249. 18Oct71; R515137.

    326. © 7Sep44; M15250. 18Oct71; R515138.

    327. © 12Sep44; M15247. 18Oct71; R515135.

    328. © 14Sep44; M15248. 18Oct71; R515136.

    329. © 19Sep44; M15261. 18Oct71; R515139.

    330. © 21Sep44; M15262. 18Oct71; R515140.

    331. © 26Sep44; M15318. 18Oct71; R515141.

    332. © 28Sep44; M15319. 18Oct71; R515142.

    333. © 3Oct44; M15320. 20Dec71; R519209.

    334. © 5Oct44; M15321. 20Dec71; R519210.

    335. © 10Oct44; M15330. 20Dec71; R519211.

    336. © 12Oct44; M15331. 20Dec71; R519212.

    337. © 17Oct44; M15332. 20Dec71; R519213.

    338. © 19Oct44; M15333. 20Dec71; R519214.

    339. © 24Oct44; M15543. 20Dec71; R519217.

    340. © 26Oct44; M15544. 20Dec71; R519218.

    341. © 31Oct44; M15545. 20Dec71; R519219.

    342. © 2Nov44; M15546. 20Dec71; R519220.

    343. © 7Nov44; M15547. 20Dec71; R519221.

    344. © 9Nov44; M15548. 20Dec71; R519222.

    345. © 14Nov44; M15549. 20Dec71; R519223.

    346. © 16Nov44; M15550. 20Dec71; R519224.

    347. © 21Nov44; M15551. 20Dec71; R519225.

    348. © 23Nov44; M15552. 20Dec71; R519226.

    349. © 28Nov44; M15553. 20Dec71; R519227.

    350. © 30Nov44; M15554. 20Dec71; R519228.

  UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
    Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH)

    v. 17, no.

    281. © 4Apr44; M14792. 13May71; R509610.

    282. © 6Apr44; M14793. 13May71; R509611.

    283. © 11Apr44; M14794. 13May71; R509612.

    284. © 13Apr44; M14795. 13May71; R509613.

    285. © 18Apr44; M14802. 13May71; R509619.

    286. © 20Apr44; M14803. 13May71; R509620.

    287. © 25Apr44; M14804. 13May71; R509621.

    288. © 28Apr44; M14805. 13May71; R509622.

    289. © 2May44; M14868. 7Jun71; R509628.

    290. © 4May44; M14869. 7Jun71; R509629.

    291. © 9May44; M14870. 7Jun71; R509630.

    292. © 11May44; M14871. 7Jun71; R509631.

    293. © 16May44; M15043. 7Jun71; R509632.

    294. © 18May44; M15044. 7Jun71; R509633.

    295. © 23May44; M15045. 7Jun71; R509634.

    296. © 25May44; M15046. 7Jun71; R509635.

    297. © 30May44; M15047. 7Jun71; R509636.

    298. © 1Jun44; M15048. 14Jul71; R509645.

    299. © 6Jun44; M15049. 14Jul71; R509646

    300. © 8Jun44; M15050. 14Jul71; R509647.

    301. © 13Jun44; M15051. 14Jul71; R509648.

    302. © 15Jun44; M15052. 14Jul71; R509649.

    303. © 20Jun44; M15053. 14Jul71; R509650.

    304. © 22Jun44; M15054. 14Jul71; R509651.

    305. © 27Jun44; M15055. 14Jul71; R509652.

    306. © 29Jun44; M15056. 14Jul71; R509653.

    307. © 4Jul44; M15057. 4Aug71; R510941.

    308. © 6Jul44; M15058. 4Aug71; R510942.

    309. © 11Jul44; M15059. 4Aug71; R510943.

    310. © 13Jul44; M15060. 4Aug71; R510944.

    311. © 18Jul44; M15171. 4Aug71; R510945.

    312. © 20Jul44; M15172. 4Aug71; R510946.

    313. © 25Jul44; M15173. 4Aug71; R510947.

    314. © 27Jul44; M15174. 4Aug71; R510948.

  UNKNOWN GUEST, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    9Sep43; L12244. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 7Sep71;
    R512869.

  UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-6, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
    Pictures. © 17Sep43; M14679. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
    (PWH); 2Aug71; R510526.

  UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 3-1, a. motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
    Pictures. © 17Nov43; M14174. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
    (PWH); 29Sep71; R514470.

  UP IN MABEL'S ROOM, a photoplay in 8 reels by Edward Small
    Productions. © 15Feb44; L12687. Edward Small Productions, Inc.
    (PWH); 24Jun71; R508326.


                                   V

  VIGILANTES OF DODGE CITY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 17Oct44; L13000. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jan72; R520395.

  THE VIGILANTES RIDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 23Dec43; L12477. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep71;
    R512259.


                                   W

  WANDERING HERE AND THERE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    14Dec44; M486, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 16Dec71; R519096.

  THE WARM FRONT, a motion picture by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    22Aug44; M15127. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep71; R512644.

  WAY DOWN YONDER IN THE CORN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    25Nov43; L12766. Columbia Pictures Industries Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71;
    R512911.

  WE'VE NEVER BEEN LICKED, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 18Aug43; L12198. Universal Pictures Co., Inc. (PWH); 6Aug71;
    R510807.

  WHAT A WOMAN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    2Dec43; L12415. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov71;
    R516132.

  WHAT'S YOUR I.Q., NO. 8. See

    SPORTS QUIZ.

  THE WHISTLER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    30Mar44; L12806. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519948.

  WHO'S HUGH? A photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    30Nov43; L12375. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71;
    R512907.

  WINGED TARGETS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 7Jan44; M14478. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Dec71;
    R517060.

  WOMEN IN BONDAGE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    12Nov43; L12390. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 10Nov71;
    R516795.

  WORLD OF SPORTS. See

    CUE WIZARDS.

    TEN PIN ACES.

  WORLD WITHOUT BORDERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 28Nov44; L13039. Universal Pictures (PWH); 20Dec71; R519206.

  WYOMING HURRICANE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    20Apr44; L12782. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519945.


                                   Y

  THE YANKEE DOODLE MOUSE, a photoplay in 718 ft. by Loew's. © 23Jun44;
    L283. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Jun71; R508760.

  THE YOKE'S ON ME, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    17Apr44; L12606. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72;
    R519968.

  YOU DEAR BOY! A photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    3Nov43; L12342. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Sep71;
    R512902.

  YOURS TRULY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    3Sep43; M14681. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 2Aug71;
    R510527.

  YOUTH RUNS WILD, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    19Jul44; L12891. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 16Sep71; R513132.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                               NAME INDEX


An index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing companies,
sponsors, and authors given in the main entries. Below each name are the
titles under which the main entries are to be found. Renewal
registrations are identified by the symbol (R).


                                   A

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   A QUEST FOR SURVIVAL.

 ACI Films, Inc.
   GOOD MORNING, FREEDOM.

 AWSCPA Educational Corp.
   WHY NOT ACCOUNTING.

 Abbott, Agatin T.
   VOLCANOES IN THE SEA.

 Abramowitz, Jack.
   CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

 Aetna Life & Casualty.
   TO LIVE AND BREATHE.

 Agincourt Productions, Ltd.
   FACE-OFF.

 Aikens, Susan M.
   THE FRESHMEN.

 Albion Film Distributors, Ltd.
   TAKE A GIRL LIKE YOU.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corp.
   MR. MUGGS STEPS OUT. (R)
   OUTLAWS OF STAMPEDE PASS. (R)
   SIX-GUN GOSPEL. (R)
   UNKNOWN GUEST. (R)
   WOMEN IN BONDAGE. (R)

 Allscope, Inc.
   FREEDOM BY DESIGN.

 Allstate Insurance Co.
   PERCEPTIVE DRIVING.

 Allstate Insurance Co. Driver Education Division.
   PERCEPTIVE DRIVING.

 Allstate Insurance Co. Training Division.
   PERCEPTIVE DRIVING.

 Amazing Life Games Co.
   CHANGES.
   LITTLE BIG TOP.
   WORDS, WORDS, WORDS.

 American Anthropological Assn.
   THE BUSHMEN IN THE KALAHARI DESERT.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   THREE YOUNG AMERICANS IN SEARCH OF SURVIVAL.
   VIEW FROM SPACE.

 American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Inc.
   THE AGRICULTURAL REVOLUTION: MAN AS FOOD PRODUCER.
   DESPITE MAN'S DIFFERENCES.
   EUROPEAN EXPANSION: ITS INFLUENCE ON MAN.
   HOW MAN ADAPTS TO HIS PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT.
   HOW MAN DISCOVERS HIS PAST.
   MAN AND THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AND THE RISE OF CIVILIZATION.
   MAN AND THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AS HUNTER AND FOOD GATHERER.

 American Forest Institute.
   THIS UNIQUE BIT OF LIFE -- HOW TREES AFFECT OUR ENVIRONMENT.

 American Geological Institute.
   EARTHQUAKES.

 American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc.
   THE AMERICANS.

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   THE ABOMINABLE DR. PHIBES.
   CHROME AND HOT LEATHER.
   COUNT YORGA, VAMPIRE.
   RETURN OF COUNT YORGA.
   WEDDING NIGHT.

 American International Productions.
   3 IN THE CELLAR.

 American International Productions (England) Ltd.
   THE ABOMINABLE DR. PHIBES.

 American Lutheran Church. Board of Parish Education.
   A NEW LOOK AT CONFIRMATION.
   WELCOME TO THE LORD'S TABLE.

 American Lutheran Church. Dept. of TV, Radio, & Films.
   DREAM A LITTLE, DREAM A LOT! THE CHURCH LOOKS AT RETREATS.

 American National Red Cross.
   THE LINK.
   THE NATIONAL WATER SAFETY TEST.

 Amis, Kingsley.
   TAKE A GIRL LIKE YOU.

 Anderson, Robert.
   SILENT NIGHT, LONELY NIGHT.

 Angelus Pictures, Inc.
   SUMMER STORM. (R)

 Antrobus, John.
   THE BED SITTING ROOM.

 Apjac Productions, Inc.
   ESCAPE FROM THE PLANET OF THE APES.

 Arden Films.
   THE FOSSIL COLLECTORS.

 Ardmore-Krasne Productions, Ltd.
   WEDDING NIGHT.

 Arena Productions, Inc.
   THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.

 Armco Steel Corp.
   HEY, HOW ABOUT RIGHT NOW.

 Arnaz (Desi) Productions, Inc.
   THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW.

 Arnold Productions, Inc.
   IT HAPPENED TOMORROW. (R)

 Art Institute of Chicago.
   CONTEMPORARY AMERICAN SCULPTURE.

 Associated Television (Overseas), Ltd.
   THUNDERBIRDS ARE GO.

 Astor Pictures Corp.
   THE BIRTH OF A STAR. (R)

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   HISTORY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

 Audio Visual Aids.
   PETUNIA.

 Audio Visual Productions.
   WE AND THE LAW.

 Augsburg Pub. House.
   DREAM A LITTLE, DREAM A LOT! THE CHURCH LOOKS AT RETREATS.
   A NEW LOOK AT CONFIRMATION.
   WELCOME TO THE LORD'S TABLE.

 Avco Embassy Pictures Corp.
   CARNAL KNOWLEDGE.
   LION IN WINTER.


                                   B

 BCP Productions.
   WILLARD.

 B.D.S.L. Productions, Inc.
   BEEN DOWN SO LONG IT LOOKS LIKE UP TO ME.

 BNA Films.
   ASK YOURSELF.
   COPING WITH TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE.
   THE FUTURE OF TECHNOLOGY.
   THE INNOVATIVE ORGANIZATION.
   THE MANAGER AS ENTREPRENEUR.
   THE MULTINATIONAL CORP.
   THE PARTNERSHIP.
   POLLUTION CONTROL: THE HARD DECISIONS.
   SOCIAL NEEDS AS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.
   UNACCUSTOMED AS THEY ARE.
   WHO'S GONNA COLLECT THE GARBAGE.

 BNA, Inc.
   SEE Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.

 Bateman, Walter L.
   OLD GAO STORYTELLERS.

 Bay State Film Productions, Inc.
   PREVENTING CUTTING AND WELDING FIRES.

 Beacon Press.
   OLD GAO STORYTELLERS.

 Beatrice Foods Co.
   [BEATRICE FOODS CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Beckley Films, Inc.
   THE GREAT STATE OF FLORIDA.

 Behrens Co., Inc.
   FRIENDS.

 Belafonte Enterprises, Inc.
   BUCK AND THE PREACHER.

 Bell (Dave) Associates, Inc.
   THE MAGIC WHISTLE.

 Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc.
   HOLOGRAPHIC OPTICAL MEMORY.

 Bendick Associates, Inc.
   CHANGING SHAPES.
   FLAT SHAPES.
   LEARNING EXPERIENCES -- SENSES.
   SHAPES ARE EVERYWHERE.
   SHAPES AT WORK.
   SHAPES IN NATURE.
   SHAPES PUZZLES.
   SHAPES WE USE.
   SPACE SHAPES: CUBES AND BOXES.
   SPACE SHAPES: CYLINDERS AND SPHERES.
   SPACE SHAPES: PYRAMIDS AND CONES.

 Berger, Thomas.
   LITTLE BIG MAN.

 Better Selling Bureau, Rocket Pictures, Inc.
   SEE Rocket Pictures, Inc. Better Selling Bureau.

 Bingham, John.
   FRAGMENT OF FEAR.

 Black Artists in America.
   BLACK ARTISTS IN AMERICA.

 Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   SEE McGraw-Hill Book Co. Blakiston Division.

 Blakiston Films.
   SEE McGraw-Hill Book Co. Blakiston Division.

 Board of Parish Education, American Lutheran Church.
   SEE American Lutheran Church. Board of Parish Education.

 Bogeaus, Benedict.
   DARK WATERS. (R)

 Bogeaus (Benedict) Productions.
   THE BRIDGE OF SAN LUIS REY. (R)

 Book Properties, Inc.
   ARTHUR'S WORLD.
   GEORGIE TO THE RESCUE.
   THE MARVELOUS MARCH OF JEAN FRANCOIS.
   NIGHT'S NICE.

 Boondock Films, Inc.
   BIG IS LITTLE, LITTLE IS BIG.
   HELP.
   HOT, WARM, COLD.
   THE RIVER.
   SYCAMORE STREET.
   THE WATERS RETURNING.
   WHAT GROWS WHERE.
   WHERE ARE YOU.
   WHERE ON EARTH.
   THE WRINKLED BALL.

 Bosustow (Stephen) Productions.
   JOSHUA IN A BOX.

 Boulle, Pierre.
   ESCAPE FROM THE PLANET OF THE APES.

 Boy Scouts of America.
   RAPPING WITH THE WORLD.

 Boy Scouts of America. Audiovisual Service.
   HERITAGE OF SERVICE.
   SAFE UNIT SWIM.

 Brecht, Bertolt.
   THE JEWISH WIFE.

 Breslin, Jimmy.
   THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT.

 Briggs, Raymond.
   THE MOTHER GOOSE TREASURY.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.
   BATON TECHNIQUES.
   DIVINE INFLUENCE.
   THE FAT FIGHTERS.
   HELP FOR AMY.
   MAKING A BETTER WORLD.
   RUN DICK, RUN JANE.
   SOCIAL SERVICES IN THE CHURCH.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah. Motion Picture Dept.
   BATON TECHNIQUES.
   DIVINE INFLUENCE.
   THE FAT FIGHTERS.
   HELP FOR AMY.
   MAKING A BETTER WORLD.
   RUN DICK, RUN JANE.
   SOCIAL SERVICES IN THE CHURCH.

 Bright, Robert.
   GEORGIE TO THE RESCUE.

 Brighton Pictures, Inc.
   THE HUNTING PARTY.

 Broadman Films.
   APARTMENT HOUSE MISSIONARY.
   THE CHRISTIAN LIFE.
   THE CHURCH NOMINATING COMMITTEE.
   HERE IS MY LIFE.
   JOB -- A STUDY IN PROVIDENCE AND FAITH.
   PROFILE: US-2ER.
   STUDY OPPORTUNITIES: 1971-'72.
   WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT CHURCH MEMBERSHIP.
   WHAT BAPTISTS BELIEVE ABOUT PRAYER.
   WORSHIP CHRIST.

 Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
   BONSAI: THE ART OF TRAINING DWARFED POTTED TREES.

 Broomfield, Robert.
   THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS.

 Brown (E. C.) Trust Foundation, Portland, Or.
   MARRIAGE.

 Bryna Co.
   SUMMERTREE.

 Bucky, Jean-Bernard.
   REPORT.

 Buena Vista Distribution Co., Inc.
   BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS.
   SCANDALOUS JOHN.

 Burdick, Richard S.
   GOOD MORNING, FREEDOM.

 Bureau of Industrial Education, California State Dept. of Education.
   SEE California. State Dept. of Education. Bureau of Industrial
      Education.

 Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.
   ASK YOURSELF.
   COPING WITH TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE.
   THE FUTURE OF TECHNOLOGY.
   THE INNOVATIVE ORGANIZATION.
   THE MANAGER AS ENTREPRENEUR.
   THE MULTINATIONAL CORP.
   THE PARTNERSHIP.
   POLLUTION CONTROL: THE HARD DECISIONS.
   SOCIAL NEEDS AS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.
   TOMORROW'S CUSTOMERS.
   UNACCUSTOMED AS THEY ARE.
   WHO'S GONNA COLLECT THE GARBAGE.

 Burger, Dolores Lola Anderson.
   YOU AFTER SURGERY: IMPORTANT ACTIVITIES.

 Byars, Billy.
   THE GENESIS CHILDREN.


                                   C

 CCM: Films, Inc.
   AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

 Cadre Films.
   GOODBYE, BILLY: AMERICA GOES TO WAR 1917-18.

 California. State Dept. of Education. Bureau of Industrial Education.
   THE INSTRUCTIONAL PROCESS IN VOCATIONAL EDUCATION.

 California State Polytechnic College Foundation.
   AIR AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   ECOLOGY AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   PEOPLE AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   SOIL AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   WATER AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.

 California State Polytechnic College, San Luis Obispo. Vocational
    Education Productions.
   AIR AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   ECOLOGY AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   PEOPLE AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   SOIL AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.
   WATER AND THE AGRICULTURAL ENVIRONMENT.

 California. University. Regents.
   SEE University of California. Regents.

 Caltex Petroleum Corp.
   MODERN MERCHANDISING.
   SELLING BATTERIES.
   SELLING IN THE LUBE BAY.
   SELLING TIRES.

 Carm-Lar Productions.
   MOLOKAI, U.S.A.

 Carman, John.
   HUMANITIES: THE RENAISSANCE IN FLORENCE.

 Carolina Biological Supply Co.
   FERN LIFE CYCLE.
   THE FLOWER.

 Carolina Film Industries.
   PREACHERMAN.

 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland.
   SUTURES, NEEDLES AND SKIN CLOSURE MATERIALS.

 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland. Frances Payne Bolton School
    of Nursing.
   SUTURES, NEEDLES AND SKIN CLOSURE MATERIALS.
   DRUGS AND YOU.

 Cathedral Films, Inc.
   FOR GOD'S SAKE.

 Ceniceros, Blair.
   DANGLING AND MISPLACED MODIFIERS.

 Center for Media Development, Inc.
   A PIAGET PRESCHOOL PROGRAM IN ACTION.

 Centron Corp., Inc.
   GRASSLAND ECOLOGY: HABITATS AND CHANGE.
   JANIE SUE AND TUGALOO.
   JOBS IN THE CITY.
   LAKES -- AGING AND POLLUTION.
   MARIA OF THE PUEBLOS.
   THE NAVAJOS OF THE '70'S.
   REACHING YOUR READER.
   THE ROLE OF THE CONGRESSMAN.
   THE SPECIFIC IS TERRIFIC.
   THE SUMMER OF JOHNSON HOLIDAY, NAVAJO BOY.
   TEENAGERS CREATE AN ANIMATED FILM.
   WHAT ECOLOGISTS DO.

 Centron Educational Films.
   GRASSLAND ECOLOGY: HABITATS AND CHANGE.
   JANIE SUE AND TUGALOO.
   JOBS IN THE CITY.
   LAKES -- AGING AND POLLUTION.
   MARIA OF THE PUEBLOS.
   THE NAVAJOS OF THE '70'S.
   REACHING YOUR READER.
   THE ROLE OF THE CONGRESSMAN.
   THE SPECIFIC IS TERRIFIC.
   THE SPRINGFIELD GUN.
   THE SUMMER OF JOHNSON HOLIDAY, NAVAJO BOY.
   TEENAGERS CREATE AN ANIMATED FILM.
   WHAT ECOLOGISTS DO.

 Century 21 Pictures, Ltd.
   THUNDERBIRDS ARE GO.

 Chandler, Frederich W.
   K-9'S FOR HOME AND BUSINESS SECURITY.

 Channel 23 (Television station) Richmond.
   LATER, JASON.

 Char-Wink-Boor Productions, Inc.
   LEO THE LAST.

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 Chiapella, C. Parker.
   METEOROLOGICAL CHRONOPHOTOCARTOGRAPHY.

 Chladek, James.
   FLASH.

 Chrislaw Productions, Inc.
   THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHING 1971.

 Chrysler Corp.
   THE BIG WAY TO GO.
   THE BIGGEST OBSTACLE.
   A CHAMPION MEETS THE CHALLENGER FOR '72.
   DART CUSTOM & SWINGER VS. CHEVROLET NOVA.
   DODGE, STRONG IN RV FOR '72.
   ENGINE PERFORMANCE FACTS AND FIXES.
   ENGINEERING FOR QUALITY.
   FEATURES & OPTIONS.
   HOW TO CUT THE WOMAN CUSTOMER'S SHOPPING TRIP SHORT.
   IGNITION SYSTEMS FOR '72.
   LET IT HAPPEN, OR MAKE IT HAPPEN.
   MR. TONY'S TALE.
   THE MOVIE MAKERS.
   [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, CHRYSLER/IMPERIAL]
   [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, PLYMOUTH FURY]
   [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, PLYMOUTH SATELLITE]
   1972 PICKUP ROUNDUP STARRING THE BEST BRED TRUCK WEST OF THE PECOS.
   [1972 SATELLITE VS. TORINO]
   THE PROFESSIONAL & CORONET FOR '72.
   A SELLING ACE MEETS THE POLARA AND MONACO FOR '72.
   SELLING TOOLS.
   THE '72 THERMO-QUAD CARBURETOR.
   SHOPPING SPREE.
   SUB-COMPACT AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.
   SUCCESS AND THE '72 DART.
   TO MARKET WITH DODGE IN '72.
   A TOP DODGE SALESMAN LOOKS AT THE '72 CHARGER.
   US VS. THEM.
   V=QP.
   VITAMIN C FOR CLOSING.

 Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.
   THE BIGGEST OBSTACLE.
   HOW TO CUT THE WOMAN CUSTOMER'S SHOPPING TRIP SHORT.
   LET IT HAPPEN, OR MAKE IT HAPPEN.
   SELLING TOOLS.
   VITAMIN C FOR CLOSING.

 Chrysler Corp. Chrysler-Plymouth Division.
   ENGINEERING FOR QUALITY.

 Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.
   A CHAMPION MEETS THE CHALLENGER FOR '72.
   DART CUSTOM & SWINGER VS. CHEVROLET NOVA.
   DODGE, STRONG IN RV FOR '72.
   FEATURES & OPTIONS.
   1972 DODGE AND FORD LIGHT-DUTY TRUCKS.
   1972 PICKUP ROUNDUP STARRING THE BEST BRED TRUCK WEST OF THE PECOS.
   THE PROFESSIONAL & CORONET FOR '72.
   A SELLING ACE MEETS THE POLARA AND MONACO FOR '72.
   SUCCESS AND THE '72 DART.
   TO MARKET WITH DODGE IN '72.
   A TOP DODGE SALESMAN LOOKS AT THE '72 CHARGER.
   V=QP.

 Cina Roma, Ltd.
   VIVA MAX.

 Cine News, Inc.
   THE WOMAN'S FILM.

 Cinema Center Films.
   ADAM AT 6 A.M.
   THE AFRICAN ELEPHANT.
   A BOY NAMED CHARLIE BROWN.
   BLUE WATER, WHITE DEATH.
   DARKER THAN AMBER.
   LE MANS.
   LITTLE BIG MAN.
   MONTE WALSH.
   SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE.
   WHO IS HARRY KELLERMAN AND WHY IS HE SAYING THOSE TERRIBLE THINGS
      ABOUT ME.

 Cinema Dept. of Humboldt State College.
   SEE Humboldt State College, Arcata, Calif. Cinema Dept.

 Cinematic Concepts Corp.
   CAUGHT.

 Cinemation Industries.
   SWEET SWEETBACK'S BAAD ASSSSS SONG.

 Cinerama Releasing Corp.
   FOOLS.
   NO DRUMS, NO BUGLES.
   TODAY WE KILL, TOMORROW WE DIE.
   WHEN EIGHT BELLS TOLL.
   WILLARD.

 Clark County School District (Nev.)
   ODYSSEY IN BLACK.

 Claude Productions, Inc.
   THE DEAN MARTIN SHOW.

 Coca-Cola Co.
   FOOTBALL -- BLOCKING.
   FOOTBALL: PASS DEFENSE.
   FOOTBALL, PUNT RETURNS.
   FOOTBALL: THE LINEBACKER.
   FROM WHERE I SIT.

 Cohen (Herman) Productions, Inc.
   TODAY WE KILL, TOMORROW WE DIE.

 Coleman Film Enterprises.
   MARIA OF THE PUEBLOS.
   THE NAVAJOS OF THE '70'S.
   THE SUMMER OF JOHNSON HOLIDAY, NAVAJO BOY.
   TEENAGERS CREATE AN ANIMATED FILM.

 Coleman/Meyer.
   WELCOME TO GTE SYLVANIA.

 Collier-Macmillan Canada.
   THE MBUTI OF THE ITURI FOREST.

 Colonial Williamsburg Foundation (Va.)
   SILVERSMITH OF WILLIAMSBURG.

 Columbia (British) Productions.
   DAD'S ARMY.

 Columbia (British) Productions, Ltd.
   FRAGMENT OF FEAR.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   CBS NEWS SPECIAL.
   HAWAII FIVE-O.
   MY THREE SONS.
   NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.
   THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS.
   VLADIMIR HOROWITZ.
   YOU ARE THERE.

 Columbia Films, S.A.
   LE PISTONNE.

 Columbia Pictures.
   CREATURES THE WORLD FORGOT.
   DRIVE, HE SAID.
   FRAGMENT OF FEAR.
   GLASS HOUSES.
   THE GO-BETWEEN.
   GOLD IS THE WAY I FEEL.
   HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE.
   THE LOVE MACHINE.
   A MAN CALLED SLEDGE.
   SEE NO EVIL.
   SUMMERTREE.
   TAKE A GIRL LIKE YOU.
   TO FIND A MAN.
   TO SEE OR NOT TO SEE.
   WELCOME TO THE CLUB.

 Columbia Pictures Corp.
   BABIES BY BANNISTER. (R)
   BACHELOR DAZE. (R)
   BATMAN. (R)
   BEAUTIFUL BUT BROKE. (R)
   THE BLACK PARACHUTE. (R)
   BLESS THE BEASTS & CHILDREN.
   BUSY BUDDIES. (R)
   CAMERA DIGEST. (R)
   THE CHAMP OF CHAMPIONS. (R)
   THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   COVER GIRL. (R)
   COWBOY CANTEEN. (R)
   COWBOY IN THE CLOUDS. (R)
   CRASH GOES THE HASH. (R)
   CRAZY LIKE A FOX. (R)
   THE CRIME DOCTOR'S STRANGEST CASE. (R)
   CUE WIZARDS. (R)
   DANGEROUS BLONDES. (R)
   DEFECTIVE DETECTIVES. (R)
   DESTROYER. (R)
   DIZZY PILOTS. (R)
   DOCTOR, FEEL MY PULSE. (R)
   DOUGHBOYS IN IRELAND. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   FOLLOW THRU WITH SAM BYRD. (R)
   GEM OF A JAM. (R)
   THE GHOST THAT WALKS ALONE. (R)
   GIRL IN THE CASE. (R)
   HE WAS ONLY FEUDIN'. (R)
   THE HEAT'S ON. (R)
   HEY, ROOKIE. (R)
   HIS TALE IS TOLD. (R)
   IS EVERYBODY HAPPY. (R)
   JAM SESSION. (R)
   KANSAS CITY KITTY. (R)
   KLONDIKE KATE. (R)
   THE LAST HORSEMAN. (R)
   LOUISIANA HAYRIDE. (R)
   MR. WINKLE GOES TO WAR. (R)
   MOPEY DOPE. (R)
   MY KINGDOM FOR A COOK. (R)
   NINE GIRLS. (R)
   NONE SHALL ESCAPE. (R)
   OH BABY. (R)
   ONCE UPON A TIME. (R)
   THE PHANTOM. (R)
   PHONY EXPRESS. (R)
   PITCHIN' IN THE KITCHEN. (R)
   THE RACKET MAN. (R)
   THE RETURN OF THE VAMPIRE. (R)
   RIDING WEST. (R)
   A ROOKIE'S COOKIE. (R)
   SAHARA. (R)
   SAILOR'S HOLIDAY. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SILVER CITY RAIDERS. (R)
   A SONG TO REMEMBER. (R)
   STARS ON PARADE. (R)
   SUNDOWN VALLEY. (R)
   SWING OUT THE BLUES. (R)
   TABLE TENNIS TOPNOTCHERS. (R)
   TEN PIN ACES. (R)
   THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A SOLDIER. (R)
   THIS IS THE HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT.
   TO HEIR IS HUMAN. (R)
   TRADITIONS OF MEXICO. (R)
   TWO-MAN SUBMARINE. (R)
   UNDERGROUND GUERRILLAS. (R)
   THE VIGILANTES RIDE. (R)
   WHAT A WOMAN. (R)
   THE WHISTLER. (R)
   WHO'S HUGH. (R)
   WINGED TARGETS. (R)
   WYOMING HURRICANE. (R)
   THE YOKE'S ON ME. (R)
   YOU DEAR BOY. (R)

 Columbia Pictures, Inc.
   FILM VODVIL. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   AMOOZIN' BUT CONFOOZIN'. (R)
   BABIES BY BANNISTER. (R)
   BACHELOR DAZE. (R)
   BATMAN. (R)
   BEAUTIFUL BUT BROKE. (R)
   THE BLACK PARACHUTE. (R)
   BLESS THE BEASTS & CHILDREN.
   BUCK AND THE PREACHER.
   BUSY BUDDIES. (R)
   CAMERA DIGEST. (R)
   THE CHAMP OF CHAMPIONS. (R)
   THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. (R)
   CISCO PIKE.
   THE COCKY BANTAM. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   COVER GIRL. (R)
   COWBOY CANTEEN. (R)
   COWBOY IN THE CLOUDS. (R)
   CRASH GOES THE HASH. (R)
   CRAZY LIKE A FOX. (R)
   THE CRIME DOCTOR'S STRANGEST CASE. (R)
   CUE WIZARDS. (R)
   DANGEROUS BLONDES. (R)
   DEFECTIVE DETECTIVES. (R)
   DESTROYER. (R)
   THE DISILLUSIONED BLUE BIRD. (R)
   DIZZY PILOTS. (R)
   DOCTOR, FEEL MY PULSE. (R)
   DOUGHBOYS IN IRELAND. (R)
   THE DREAM KIDS. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   FOLLOW THRU WITH SAM BYRD. (R)
   FOOL'S PARADE.
   GEM OF A JAM. (R)
   THE GHOST THAT WALKS ALONE. (R)
   GIDDY-YAPPING. (R)
   GIRL IN THE CASE. (R)
   HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE.
   HE WAS ONLY FEUDIN'. (R)
   THE HEAT'S ON. (R)
   THE HERRING MURDER MYSTERY. (R)
   HEY, ROOKIE. (R)
   HIS TALE IS TOLD. (R)
   THE HORSEMEN.
   IMAGINATION. (R)
   INVESTIGATION OF A CITIZEN ABOVE SUSPICION.
   IS EVERYBODY HAPPY. (R)
   JAM SESSION. (R)
   KANSAS CITY KITTY. (R)
   KLONDIKE KATE. (R)
   THE LAST HORSEMAN. (R)
   LIONEL LION. (R)
   LOUISIANA HAYRIDE. (R)
   MAGIC STRENGTH. (R)
   MR. WINKLE GOES TO WAR. (R)
   MOPEY DOPE. (R)
   MY KINGDOM FOR A COOK. (R)
   NINE GIRLS. (R)
   NONE SHALL ESCAPE. (R)
   NURSERY CRIMES. (R)
   OH BABY. (R)
   ONCE UPON A TIME. (R)
   THE PHANTOM. (R)
   PHONY EXPRESS. (R)
   PITCHIN' IN THE KITCHEN. (R)
   THE PLAYFUL PEST. (R)
   POLLY WANTS A DOCTOR. (R)
   THE RACKET MAN. (R)
   THE RETURN OF THE VAMPIRE. (R)
   RIDING WEST. (R)
   THE ROCKY ROAD TO RUIN. (R)
   A ROOKIE'S COOKIE. (R)
   ROOM AND BORED. (R)
   SADIE HAWKINS DAY. (R)
   SAHARA. (R)
   SAILOR'S HOLIDAY. (R)
   SATURDAY MORNING.
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SILVER CITY RAIDERS. (R)
   A SONG TO REMEMBER. (R)
   STARS ON PARADE. (R)
   SUN DREAM.
   SUNDOWN VALLEY. (R)
   SWING OUT THE BLUES. (R)
   TABLE TENNIS TOPNOTCHERS. (R)
   TEN PIN ACES. (R)
   THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A SOLIDER. (R)
   TO HEIR IS HUMAN. (R)
   TRADITIONS OF MEXICO. (R)
   TWO-MAN SUBMARINE. (R)
   UNDERGROUND GUERRILLAS. (R)
   THE VIGILANTES RIDE. (R)
   WAY DOWN YONDER IN THE CORN. (R)
   WHAT A WOMAN. (R)
   THE WHISTLER. (R)
   WHO'S HUGH. (R)
   WINGED TARGETS. (R)
   WYOMING HURRICANE. (R)
   THE YOKE'S ON ME. (R)
   YOU DEAR BOY. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Screen Gems.
   SEE Screen Gems.

 Commonwealth United Entertainment, Inc.
   VIVA MAX.

 Communications Group West.
   THE ORIGIN OF LIFE.

 The Communicators, Inc., Teaching Resources Development Center.
   SEE Teaching Resources Development Center.

 Communico, Inc.
   BARGES.
   CAREER & COSTUME CIRCUS.
   CONCRETE CHARLEY DUMPLING.
   DAFFODILS.
   THE FARMER.
   THE HUNTER.
   IS WHISTLING A NOISE.
   JUNKDUMP.
   THE MODEL CITY.
   OPEN SPACE.
   P. C. FRIEND, RAILROAD AGENT.
   THE PARK.
   THE PHANTOM FREIGHTER.
   STREAM.
   TRAINS.
   WE CAN GROW.

 Community Television, Inc.
   COME TO FLORIDA, BEFORE ITS GONE.

 Comprenetics, Inc.
   THE BEDBATH: PREPARATION AND EMOTIONAL SUPPORT.
   THE BEDBATH: PROCEDURES.
   CARE AND PREVENTION OF DECUBITI.
   GIVING A BEDPAN OR URINAL.
   OBSERVATION OF URINE AND FECES.
   THE SKIN: ITS FUNCTION AND CARE.

 Concept Films, Inc.
   ACID.
   UPS/DOWNS.

 Concord Productions.
   CENTINELAS DEL SILENCIO.

 Concord, S.A.
   CENTINELAS DEL SILENCIO.

 Concordia Pub. House.
   [CHRISTIAN EXPRESSIONS IN MUSIC AND ART]
   CHRISTMAS IS.

 Connecticut Films, Inc.
   GENEVIEVE FOSTER'S WORLD.

 Connors, Robert E. SEE Discovery Enterprises.

 Consumers Power Co.
   SAVINGS BANK FOR KILOWATTS.

 Cook, Kenneth.
   OUTBACK.

 Cooper, Giles.
   UNMAN, WITTERING AND ZIGO.

 Coronet instructional Films.
   AMERICA: MY COUNTRY.
   CARBON AND ITS COMPOUNDS.
   CITIES ARE DIFFERENT AND ALIKE.
   CRITICAL THINKING: MAKING SURE OF FACTS.
   EFFECTIVE WRITING: LEARNING FROM ADVERTISING LANGUAGE.
   EFFECTIVE WRITING: REVISE AND IMPROVE.
   IMPROVING YOUR POSTURE.
   INTRODUCTION TO ELECTRICITY.
   LEARNING ABOUT HUMAN BEHAVIOR.
   THE MAGIC FRAME: ADVENTURES IN SEEING.
   MANAGING YOUR EMOTIONS.
   MASCULINE OR FEMININE: YOUR ROLE IN SOCIETY.
   THE NATURE OF SOUND.
   PERSONAL HYGIENE FOR BOYS.
   VOLLEYBALL FOR BOYS.

 Cos Film Productions, Inc.
   THE FRESHMEN.

 Costello Productions.
   K-9'S FOR HOME AND BUSINESS SECURITY.

 Country Beautiful Corp.
   A SLICE OF BREAD.

 Covino, Salvatore T.
   WE AND THE LAW.

 Cowen, Ron.
   SUMMERTREE.

 Cowley, Joy.
   THE NIGHT DIGGER.

 Cox, Merna,
   SPEAKING OF LANGUAGE.

 Crichton, Michael.
   THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN.

 Crosby (Bing) Productions, Inc.
   WILLARD.

 Cupid Productions.
   VANISHING POINT.

 Cureton, George.
   READING IS PRIDE.


                                   D

 D. A. Productions.
   THE D. A.

 Daisy Productions, Inc.
   THAT GIRL.

 Dana Productions.
   GET HIGH ON LIFE.

 Davidson Films.
   ADDITION.
   AREA.
   CIRCLES.
   THE CONCEPT OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   DIVISION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   LOCATING A POINT IN SPACE.
   MODELS: WHEN TO MULTIPLY OR DIVIDE.
   MULTIPLICATION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   PIAGET'S DEVELOPMENTAL THEORY: FORMAL THOUGHT.
   POLAR COORDINATES.
   ROSS MACDONALD: IN THE FIRST PERSON.
   SET OPERATIONS.
   SETS.

 Davis, Katherine.
   THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY.

 De Brunhoff, Jean.
   BABAR COMES TO AMERICA.
   THE STORY OF BABAR THE ELEPHANT.

 De Brunhoff, Laurent.
   BABAR COMES TO AMERICA.

 Decision Media, Inc.
   ANTICIPATING THE PROBLEM.
   A CASE STUDY.
   CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE.
   [DEMONSTRATION]
   DIGITALIS & QUINIDINE.
   ELECTIVE COUNTERSHOCK.
   EMERGENCY COUNTERSHOCK.
   EXTERNAL PACING.
   THE PACEMAKER PATIENT.

 Decker Corp.
   LESSONS FOR GROUP PIANO.
   LESSONS FOR PIANO & ORGAN.

 Dennis, Patrick.
   THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.
   THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON.

 Dept. of Agronomy, Iowa State University.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames. Dept. of Agronomy.

 Dept. of Health & Physical Education of Humboldt State College.
   SEE Humboldt State College, Arcata, Calif. Dept. of Health & Physical
      Education.

 Detroit Edison Co.
   SAVINGS BANK FOR KILOWATTS.

 Detroit News.
   BUY THE NUMBERS.

 Didion-Dunne, Inc.
   THE PANIC IN NEEDLE PARK.

 Dimension Films.
   SATURDAY MORNING.

 Discovery Enterprises.
   THIS IS PUERTO RICO.

 Disney (Walt) Educational Materials Co.
   DEMOCRACY - EQUALITY OR PRIVILEGE.
   EVERY DAY OF OUR LIVES.
   IMPEACHMENT OF A PRESIDENT.
   THE MAGIC WHISTLE.
   RAIN.
   THE RIGHT OF DISSENT.
   THE RIGHT OF PETITION.
   STATES' RIGHTS.
   A WORLD WITHOUT MONEY.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   AIR MASSES AND FRONTS. (R)
   BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS.
   THE CLOCK WATCHER. (R)
   THE COLD FRONT. (R)
   DONALD'S OFF DAY. (R)
   FIRST AIDERS. (R)
   FLYING THE WEATHER MAP. (R)
   FOG. (R)
   ICING CONDITIONS. (R)
   THE MAGIC OF DISNEYLAND.
   OCCLUDED FRONTS. (R)
   THE PLASTICS INVENTOR. (R)
   SCANDALOUS JOHN.
   THE THREE CABALLEROS. (R)
   THUNDERSTORMS. (R)
   TIGER TROUBLE. (K)
   THE WARM FRONT. (R)
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Ditzel (William) Productions.
   FLASHBACK.

 Dodge Division. Chrysler Corp.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc.
   ARTHUR'S WORLD.
   GEORGIE TO THE RESCUE.
   THE MARVELOUS MARCH OF JEAN FRANCOIS.
   NIGHT'S NICE.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Book y Properties, Inc.
   SEE Book Properties, Inc.

 Doubleday Multimedia.
   ALASKA.
   DRAFTING.
   THE JEWISH WIFE.

 Drive Productions, Inc.
   DRIVE, HE SAID.

 Driver Education Division, Allstate Insurance Co.
   SEE Allstate Insurance Co. Driver Education Division.

 Drug Council, Inc.
   ART LINKLETTER TALKS TO OUR CHILDREN.
   ART LINKLETTER TALKS TO PARENTS.

 Du Luart, Yolande.
   ANGELA, PORTRAIT OF A REVOLUTIONARY.

 Duo Pictures, Inc.
   THE REIVERS.

 DuSoe, Robert C.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Duvoisin, Roger.
   PETUNIA.


                                   E

 E & R Production Corp.
   BUCK AND THE PREACHER.

 EMC Corp.
   CHRISTMAS IS.

 E.M.I. Film Productions, Ltd.
   THE GO-BETWEEN.

 ERIE.
   SEE Eastern Regional Institute for Education.

 ETS Program Service.
   BARBARA LINDEN.
   JAMES SALTER.
   JERRY MCNEELY.
   MARY PRITCHARD.
   PETER ALEXANDER.
   SAM "LIGHTNIN'" HOPKINS.

 East Coker Co., Inc.
   THE WAY WE LIVE NOW.

 Eastern Regional Institute for Education, Syracuse, N.Y.
   THE CRANK.
   MODELS OF TEACHER BEHAVIOR.
   WINDOWS.

 Eastman Kodak Co.
   WORTH HOW MANY WORDS.

 Ecco.
   SEE Educational Communications Co.

 Edcom Productions.
   DECADE OF HIGHWAY DEATH.

 Edinboro State College, Edinboro, Pa.
   CRY FOR CONVENIENCE.
   TO THE OUTSETTING BARD.

 Edinboro State College, Edinboro, Pa. Film Unit.
   CRY FOR CONVENIENCE.
   TO THE OUTSETTING BARD.

 EdMediaTec, Inc.
   USING MULTIPLE PULLEYS.

 Edson (Marvin) Associates, Inc.
   MEASURING LENGTHS.

 Educational Communications Co.
   HOW TO BE A TOOTH-KEEPER.
   THE TOOTH-KEEPER.

 Educational Coordinates, Inc.
   MODULAR SCHEDULING AND ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS.
   THE SMALL WORLD OF THE NURSERY SCHOOL.
   THE STUDENT AND VARIABLE MODULAR SCHEDULING.

 Educational Direction, Inc.
   LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.
   SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.
   UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.
   UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.
   WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?

 Educational Filmstrips.
   LES ANTILLES FRANCAISES.
   ESPANA.
   THE FRENCH WEST INDIES.
   EL MEXICO HISPANICO.
   EL MEXICO MODERNO.
   VOLCANOES.
   WEIHNACHTEN IN DER SCHWEIZ.
   WILHELM TELL.
   WILLIAM TELL.

 Educational Media.
   CATCHING & THROWING.

 Educational Motivation Systems, Inc.
   BORN TO BE GREAT.

 Educational Progress Corp.
   EARTH IS THE ONLY WORLD WE HAVE -- ECOLOGY: WATER POLLUTION.

 Educational Research Council of America.
   BEHAVIOR HAS CAUSES.
   HOW DO YOU DECIDE?

 Educational Research Council of America. Multimedia Development Center.
   HOW DO YOU DECIDE?

 Educational Resources, Inc.
   MAN, MOON, AND UNIVERSE.

 Educom.
   LIVING HISTORY.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   ADVANCED FILE STRUCTURES.
   THE COLOR COMPUTER.
   COMPUTERS AND LOGIC.
   THE DATA SPECTRUM.
   DECISION TABLES.
   DEFINING SYSTEM OBJECTIVES.
   THE EDUTRONICS COBOL COURSE: PANEL DISCUSSION.
   ELEMENTS OF FILE USAGE.
   ELEMENTS OF PROGRAM BUILDING.
   ELEMENTS OF PROGRAM DESIGN.
   ELEMENTS OF PROGRAM TESTING.
   ESSENTIALS OF BASIC.
   ESSENTIALS OF COBOL.
   ESSENTIALS OF FORTRAN.
   FILE USAGE CONSIDERATIONS.
   FLOWCHARTING.
   FLOWCHARTS AND LOGIC.
   THE FORTRAN COURSE: PANEL DISCUSSION.
   HARDWARE STRUCTURES.
   INFORMATION SYSTEMS.
   INFORMATION SYSTEMS ANALYSIS.
   INFORMATION SYSTEMS DESIGN.
   INFORMATION SYSTEMS EVALUATION.
   INFORMATION SYSTEMS IMPLEMENTATION.
   INFORMATION SYSTEMS PLANNING.
   INVERTED FILE INDEXING.
   INVERTED FILE RETRIEVAL.
   LIST STRUCTURED FILES.
   NESTED LOOPS.
   PROGRAM DESIGN TECHNIQUES.
   RING STRUCTURED FILES.
   THE S/360 OPERATING SYSTEMS COURSES: PANEL DISCUSSION.
   THE SYSTEMS APPROACH.
   THREADED LIST FILES.
   TREE STRUCTURED FILES.

 Elektra Film Productions.
   BIG IS LITTLE, LITTLE IS BIG.
   HELP.
   HOT, WARM, COLD.
   THE RIVER.
   SYCAMORE STREET.
   THE WATERS RETURNING.
   WHAT GROWS WHERE.
   WHERE ARE YOU.
   WHERE ON EARTH.
   THE WRINKLED BALL.

 Embassy Pictures Corp.
   THE GRADUATE.

 Emberly, Barbara.
   NIGHT'S NICE.

 Emberly, Ed.
   NIGHT'S NICE.

 Emka.
   AND NOW TOMORROW. (R)
   DOUBLE INDEMNITY. (R)
   FRENCHMAN'S CREEK. (R)
   HERE COME THE WAVES. (R)
   MAN IN HALF MOON STREET. (R)
   MINISTRY OF FEAR. (R)
   NATIONAL BARN DANCE. (R)
   OUR HEARTS WERE YOUNG AND GAY. (R)
   PRACTICALLY YOURS. (R)
   RAINBOW ISLAND. (R)
   TILL WE MEET AGAIN. (R)

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
   ACID.
   APPLYING FOR A JOB.
   BENDING AND REFLECTING SUNLIGHT.
   A BOY CREATES.
   CHOOSING A JOB.
   COMMUNICATING WITH THE PUBLIC.
   CONTROVERSY OVER THE MOON.
   THE DESERTED VILLAGE.
   EARTHQUAKES.
   FOLLOW MR. WILLOUGHBY.
   GETTING A PROMOTION.
   HOW DO THEY MOVE.
   JOHNNY FROM FORT APACHE.
   THE LADY OF SHALOTT.
   LET'S FIND LIFE.
   MAGIC SNEAKERS.
   MAN LOOKS AT THE MOON.
   THE NERVE IMPULSE.
   THE NIGHTINGALE'S TAIL.
   NOISE -- POLLUTING THE ENVIRONMENT.
   THE PRISONER OF CHILLON.
   ROTTERDAM-EUROPORT, GATEWAY TO EUROPE.
   SOME FRIENDLY INSECTS.
   STANDING WAVES AND THE PRINCIPLE OF SUPERPOSITION.
   A TIME FOR RAIN.
   A TIME FOR SUN.
   TURN OFF POLLUTION.
   UPS/DOWNS.
   THE WAYS OF WATER.
   WHAT DO THEY EAT.
   WHERE DOES LIFE COME FROM.
   WHY NOT ACCOUNTING.
   WORKING TOGETHER.
   THE WORLD OF UP CLOSE.

 Eric Productions, Inc.
   RAIN.

 Erica Productions.
   COUNT YORGA, VAMPIRE.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.
   SEE Coronet Instructional Films.

 Evans, Max.
   EVERY MAN'S MOUNTAIN.

 Evans (Max) Productions, Inc.
   EVERY MAN'S MOUNTAIN.

 Eye Bank for Sight Restoration.
   SECOND SIGHT.

 Eye Gate House, Inc.
   LIVING WITH COMPUTERS.
   SOCIAL PROBLEMS OF OUR ENVIRONMENT.
   UNDERSTANDING THE CITY.
   UNDERSTANDING THE COMMUNITY.
   WHERE DOES IT COME FROM?


                                   F

 Factory Mutual Engineering Corp.
   PREVENTING CUTTING AND WELDING FIRES.

 Fairman Productions, Inc.
   FREDDY FORECAST.

 Family Affair Co.
   FAMILY AFFAIR.

 Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development.
   INDIVIDUALIZING INSTRUCTION IN MATHEMATICS, A MINICOURSE: OVERVIEW.
   INSTRUCTIONAL 1-4.
   INSTRUCTIONAL LESSON 1-4.
   INSTRUCTIONAL PRACTICE LESSON.
   INTRODUCTION.
   LESSON 1-4: MODEL A, MODEL B.
   MODEL 1-4.
   PRACTICE LESSON: MODEL A, MODEL B.

 Farina, Richard.
   BEEN DOWN SO LONG IT LOOKS LIKE UP TO ME.

 Faulkner, William.
   THE REIVERS.

 Fedderson (Don) Productions.
   MY THREE SONS.

 Feil (Edward) Productions.
   SUTURES, NEEDLES AND SKIN CLOSURE MATERIALS.

 Fernkopf, Forrest D.
   CURSIVE FILM LOOPS.
   MANUSCRIPT FILM LOOPS.

 Field Enterprises, Inc. A. J. Nystrom & Co.
   SEE Nystrom (A. J.) & Co.

 Film & Electronic Communications Dept., Ford Motor Co.
   SEE Ford Motor Co. Film & Electronic Communications Dept.

 Film Associates.
   FACE-OFF.

 Film Archives Trading Co.
   THE BIRTH OF A STAR. (R)
   THE BRIDGE OF SAN LUIS REY. (R)
   DARK WATERS. (R)
   GOIN' TO TOWN.
   IT HAPPENED TOMORROW. (R)
   A LADY TAKES A CHANCE. (R)
   SENSATIONS OF 1945. (R)
   SUMMER STORM. (R)
   THUNDER ROCK. (R)

 Film Graphics, Inc.
   A WORLD WITHOUT MONEY.

 Film Play/Data Bureau, Inc.
   THE JEWISH WIFE.

 Film Production Unit, Iowa State University.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames. Film Production Unit.

 FilmFair Communications.
   FIRE.
   HOPIS: GUARDIANS OF THE LAND.
   HOW DO YOU FEEL.
   I AM A MIME.
   OPEN UP MY EYES.
   RIGHT ON/BE FREE.
   STRING.

 FilmFair, Inc.
   FIRE.
   HOPIS: GUARDIANS OF THE LAND.
   HOW DO YOU FEEL.
   I AM A MIME.
   OPEN UP MY EYES.
   RIGHT ON/BE FREE.
   STRING.

 Filmmakers Group.
   HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE.

 Films Ariane, S.A.
   LA CHAMADE.

 Films for Conservation Foundation, Old Greenwich, Conn.
   ONCE THERE WAS A WORLD.

 Filmways, Inc.
   SEE NO EVIL.

 Filmways TV Productions, Inc.
   THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.
   DUNDEE AND THE CULHANE.
   GREEN ACRES.
   THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.
   THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON.

 Firebird Films.
   LEOPOLD THE SEE-THROUGH CRUMBPICKER.

 First Church of Christ, Scientist, Boston. Board of Directors.
   SEE Christian Science Board of Directors.

 Fleischman, Sid.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Flora, James.
   LEOPOLD THE SEE-THROUGH CRUMBPICKER.

 Follett Corp. Follett Pub. Co.
   SEE Follett Pub. Co.

 Follett Educational Corp.
   SEE Follett Pub. Co.

 Follett Pub. Co.
   CONCEPT-CENTERED LESSONS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.

 Ford Motor Co.
   CRITICAL DRIVING PATTERNS.
   DRIVING IN TRAFFIC.
   RURAL DRIVING.

 Ford Motor Co. Film & Electronic Communications Dept.
   CRITICAL DRIVING PATTERNS.
   DRIVING IN TRAFFIC.
   RURAL DRIVING.

 Forman-Crown-Hausman, Inc.
   TAKING OFF.

 Foss, Kelly.
   ANATOMY OF A TORNADO.

 Fran, Paul E.
   THE CONSORTS OF HUMANISM: MUSIC IN ART OF THE RENAISSANCE.

 Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing.
   SEE Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland. Frances Payne Bolton
      School of Nursing.

 Franciscan Communications Center, Los Angeles.
   AFTER THE FIRST.
   THE DANCING PROPHET.

 Francoise Films, Ltd.
   PUNISHMENT PARK.

 Frankenheimer (John) Productions.
   THE HORSEMEN.

 Frankovich Productions, Inc.
   THE LOVE MACHINE.

 Freeman (Leonard) Enterprises, Inc.
   THE STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions, Inc.
   HAWAII FIVE-O.


                                   G

 GAF Corp. Perfect Photo, Inc.
   SEE Perfect Photo, Inc.

 GTE Sylvania, Inc.
   WELCOME TO GTE SYLVANIA.

 Gadd productions Corp.
   THE PANIC IN NEEDLE PARK.

 Gardner Productions, Inc.
   WHO IS HARRY KELLERMAN AND WHY IS HE SAYING THOSE TERRIBLE THINGS
      ABOUT ME.

 Gardner, Richard.
   SCANDALOUS JOHN.

 General Cinema Corp.
   THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN.

 General Electric Co.
   AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL.
   POLLUTION IN PERSPECTIVE: OUR AIR AND WATER.
   POLLUTION IN PERSPECTIVE: SOLID WASTES.
   PROPERTIES OF LIGHT.
   SIGHT, LIGHT AND COLOR.

 General Learning Corp.
   ROSS MACDONALD: IN THE FIRST PERSON.

 General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

 Genesis Productions, Ltd.
   SEE NO EVIL.

 Geoffrey Productions, Inc.
   WILD ROVERS.

 George Peabody College.
   THE RAVAGED LAND.

 Getty & Fromkess Pictures Corp.
   HONKY.

 Ghio (Mario) Production Group, Ltd.
   GIRLS, ALL THOSE GIRLS!

 Gilbert, Stephen.
   WILLARD.

 Gillmore, Lionel R.
   MOLOKAI, U.S.A.

 Gladwell, Paula.
   SINGING WITH PAULA GLADWELL & CORINNE.

 Glen Alden Corp.
   WHEN EIGHT BELLS TOLL.

 Glenco Productions, Inc.
   THE GLEN CAMPBELL GOODTIME HOUR.

 Goal Record Film Productions, Inc.
   GET TOGETHER.

 Goldberg, Joseph R., pseud. SEE Malcolm, Joseph R.

 Goldman, James.
   LION IN WINTER.

 Goldsholl & Associates.
   SUBJECT: PACKAGING.
   WORTH HOW MANY WORDS.

 Goodman, Walter.
   HOW TO KILL.

 Goodrun, Charles A.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Gottlieb (Carl) Inc.
   CELEBRATION AT BIG SUR.

 Gould, Arthur.
   THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE.

 Graded Press.
   A SIGN OF LOVE.

 Griffin, Patrick H. SEE Cadre Films.

 Grosbard (Ulu) Enterprises, Inc.
   WHO IS HARRY KELLERMAN AND WHY IS HE SAYING THOSE TERRIBLE THINGS
      ABOUT ME.

 Group W Productions, Inc.
   OUTBACK.

 Grubb, Davis.
   FOOL'S PARADE.

 Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.
   THE AMERICAN POOR: A SELF-PORTRAIT.
   COMPARISON: PUTTING A SYMBOL TO WORK.
   HUMANITIES: THE RENAISSANCE IN FLORENCE.
   NUMBER PATTERNS: PUZZLES WITH A PURPOSE.
   SPEAKING OF LANGUAGE.
   THIS UNIQUE BIT OF LIFE--HOW TREES AFFECT OUR ENVIRONMENT.

 Guidance Camps, Inc.
   JOHNNY.
   TROUBLED CAMPERS.


                                   H

 Haener, Donald R.
   THIS IS PUERTO RICO.

 Hall, Donald.
   AFTER THE FIRST.

 Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.
   CREATURES THE WORLD FORGOT.

 Handy (Jam) Organization.
   CHEVROLET HEAVY-DUTY TRUCK.

 Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.
   CLASSIFYING.
   EXPERIMENTING.
   MEASURING.
   OBSERVING AND DESCRIBING.
   TIME.

 Harbour-UTV.
   IRONSIDE.

 Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, Inc. Guidance Associates of Pleasantville,
    New York.
   SEE Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.

 Harris (Jack H.) Enterprises, Inc.
   HONKY.

 Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.
   HOW ELECTRICITY WORKS.
   YOUR PARTNERSHIP WITH POWER IN GENERAL CARE.
   YOUR PARTNERSHIP WITH POWER IN SPECIAL CARE.

 Hartley, L. P.
   THE GO-BETWEEN.

 Haworth Productions, Inc.
   LION IN WINTER.

 Health Education Aids.
   CIRCULATION IN THE HUMAN BODY, SIMPLIFIED, 1.

 Hearst Corp. Hearst Metrotone News.
   SEE Hearst Metrotone News.

 Hearst Metrotone News.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)

 Hely, Elizabeth.
   THE SMUGGLERS.

 Herbert, John.
   FORTUNE AND MEN'S EYES.

 Herzberg, Frederick.
   A DEFINITION OF MAN.
   MANAGEMENT BY MOTIVATION.
   MANAGEMENT BY MOVEMENT.
   THE MANAGEMENT OF HYGIENE.
   THE MOTIVATION TO WORK STUDIES.

 Highway Safety Foundation, Inc.
   DECADE OF HIGHWAY DEATH.

 Hiller Productions, Ltd.
   LITTLE BIG MAN.

 Hogan, Carol G.
   EIGHTEEN COUSINS.

 Hogg, Beulah J.
   BASIC WRITING STROKES.
   VISUAL MOTOR SEQUENCING.

 Holmes, Oakley N., Jr.
   BLACK ARTISTS IN AMERICA.

 Home Mission Board.
   APARTMENT HOUSE MISSIONARY.
   HERE IS MY LIFE.
   PROFILE: US-2ER.

 Houghton Mifflin Co.
   CHANGES.
   LITTLE BIG TOP.
   THE MAZE.
   THE SLEEPING BRAIN.
   5-DIMENSIONAL MOTION PERCEPTION.
   2-DIMENSIONAL MOTION PERCEPTION.
   WORDS, WORDS, WORDS.

 Hultin, Jill Foreman.
   SISTERS.

 Humboldt State College, Arcata Calif. Cinema Dept.
   THE HARRIERS.

 Humboldt State College, Arcata, Calif. Dept, of Health & Physical
    Education.
   THE HARRIERS.


                                   I

 Icarus Productions, Inc.
   CARNAL KNOWLEDGE.

 Imperial Film Co., Inc.
   LEARNING TO PLAY MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
   LIFE CYCLES OF COMMON ANIMALS.

 Indianer (Paul) & Co., Inc.
   ANSWERS TO OBJECTIONS & CLOSE.
   PROSPECTING & WARM-UP.
   [SMOOTH THAT ROCKY ROAD]

 Indianer, Paul S.
   AT LAST A TAX BREAK FOR YOU.

 Institute of Motivation Research, Inc.
   HOW TO BECOME FINANCIALLY INDEPENDENT.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, Washington, D.C.
   1971 CARS: LOW-SPEED CRASH COSTS.

 Intermedia Productions, Inc.
   MAKING A DANCE.

 International Business Machines Corp.
   OS UPDATE RELEASE 20.
   OS UPDATE RELEASE 20.1.

 International Film Bureau.
   VERGETTE MAKING A POT.

 International Institute of Coiffure Designers, Ltd.
   STEM DIRECTION.

 International Motivation Systems, Inc.
   MAN ALIVE.

 Iowa State University, Ames.
   CHAMPION.
   HAND CROSS-POLLINATION OF THE SOYBEAN (GLYCINE MAX)
   SIDEISSUE.

 Iowa State University, Ames. Dept, of Agronomy.
   HAND CROSS-POLLINATION OF THE SOYBEAN (GLYCINE MAX)

 Iowa State University, Ames. Dept, of Speech/Telecommunicative Arts.
   CHAMPION.

 Iowa State University, Ames. Film Production Unit.
   HAND CROSS-POLLINATION OF THE SOYBEAN (GLYCINE MAX)
   SIDEISSUE.

 Iowa State University of Science & Technology.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames.

 Iron Crystal Films, Inc.
   THE LONG, LONG DREAM.


                                   J

 Jacobson, Norman.
   REPORT.

 Jamieson Film Co.
   THE ACADIANS.
   A LOUISIANA BOUCHERIE.
   PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950'S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.

 Jason Art Service, Inc.
   AFRICAN LEGENDS AND FOLKTALES.

 Jason Studios.
   SEE Jason Art Service, Inc.

 Jaykabina Motion picture Corp.
   WHO IS HARRY KELLERMAN AND WHY IS HE SAYING THOSE TERRIBLE THINGS
      ABOUT ME.

 Jensen, Corinne E.
   SINGING WITH PAULA GLADWELL & CORINNE JENSEN.

 Jessica Co.
   LET'S SCARE JESSICA TO DEATH.

 Johnsen, Ferris M.
   HOW TO MAKE A QUICKIE FILMSTRIP.

 Johnson, Crockett.
   A PICTURE FOR HAROLD'S ROOM.

 Jordan, Gilbert J.
   WILHELM TELL.
   WILLIAM TELL.

 Journal Films, Inc.
   EXTINCTION: A LESSON FROM THE PAST.
   RECYCLING WASTE.
   SURVIVAL IN THE ANIMAL WORLD.

 Jud-Lee Productions, Inc.
   NO DRUMS, NO BUGLES.


                                   K

 KCET (Television station) Los Angeles.
   PETER ALEXANDER.

 KLVX-TV (Television Station) Las Vegas, Nev.
   ODYSSEY IN BLACK.

 KRMA (Television station) Denver.
   JAMES SALTER.

 KUHT (Television station) Houston. Film Productions.
   SAM "LIGHTNIN'" HOPKINS.

 KVZK (Television station) Pago Pago.
   MARY PRITCHARD.

 Kaplan, Arthur.
   THIS UNIQUE BIT OF LIFE--HOW TREES AFFECT OUR ENVIRONMENT.

 Kearns, George W.
   SPEAKING OF LANGUAGE.

 Keats, Ezra Jack.
   A LETTER TO AMY.
   THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY.
   PETER'S CHAIR.

 Keep America Beautiful, Inc.
   CAPTAIN CLEANUP.

 Keith (Allan) Productions, Inc.
   PERMANENT CHEMICAL STRAIGHTENING.
   STEM DIRECTION.
   VICTOR BALESTRI.

 Keller, Carl Schubert, Jr.
   BUTTON BUTTON.

 Kessell, Joseph.
   THE HORSEMEN.

 Khalam Productions.
   THE VOICE OF THE KHALAM.

 King Broadcasting Co.
   ALONE AND THE SEA.
   THE BOY WHO SAW THE WIND.
   CAREER AWARENESS: THE ALTERNATIVE.
   DAD AND ME.
   SPEND, SPEND.

 King Bros. Productions, Inc.
   MAYA.

 King Screen Productions.
   ALONE AND THE SEA.
   THE BOY WHO SAW THE WIND.
   CAREER AWARENESS: THE ALTERNATIVE.
   DAD AND ME.
   SPEND, SPEND.

 Klinge, Peter L.
   THE INCIDENT OF NOVEMBER 20TH.
   PROF.

 Knopf (Alfred A.) Inc.
   PETUNIA.

 Knowledge Aid.
   OUR FLAG TODAY.

 Knowledge Tree Films, a division of Center for Media Development, Inc.
   SEE Center for Media Development, Inc.

 Kohler, Julilly House.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Koosis, Inc.
   BASIC SOLDERING.

 Kratky Film.
   LEOPOLD THE SEE-THROUGH CRUMBPICKER.

 Kressing, Harry.
   SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE.

 Krofft (Sid & Marty) Television Productions, Inc.
   H. R. PUFNSTUF.


                                   L

 Lamb, Linda.
   A JOURNEY THRU DRUG ABUSE.

 Lange, John.
   JOSHUA IN A BOX.

 Langstaff, John.
   OVER IN THE MEADOW.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   ABOU BEN BOOGIE. (R)
   THE BEACH NUT. (R)
   FISH FRY. (R)
   JUNGLE JIVE. (R)
   PIED PIPER OF BASIN STREET. (R)
   SKI FOR TWO. (R)

 Larner, Jeremy.
   DRIVE, HE SAID.

 Laser Film Corp.
   INTERVIEWS WITH MY LAI VETERANS.

 Last Picture Show Productions, Inc.
   THE LAST PICTURE SHOW.

 Laurentiis (Dino de) Cinematografica, S.P.A,
   A MAN CALLED SLEDGE.

 Laurentiis (Dino di) Cinematografica, S.P.A.
   MATCHLESS.

 Lavatelli, Celia Stendler.
   A PIAGET PRESCHOOL PROGRAM IN ACTION.

 Lehrer, James.
   VIVA MAX.

 Lemnos Films, Ltd.
   SANTA IN CROMALAND.

 Leonard, Elmore.
   VALDEZ IS COMING.

 Levy, Harry A.
   INTERNED.

 Lewenstein (Oscar) Productions, Ltd.
   THE BED SITTING ROOM.

 Lewis (Edward) Productions, Inc.
   THE HORSEMEN.

 Lewis (Mildred) & Colin Higgins Productions, Inc.
   HAROLD AND MAUDE.

 Lexington School of Modern Dance, Inc.
   CINDER CITY PLUS 6.
   MENAGERIE.
   POOL.

 Library Filmstrip Center.
   AFRICA PAST.
   BLACK HISTORY.
   DISSECTION OF A FROG.
   GLOBE CRUISING.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO THE USE OF GLOBE, MAP AND ATLAS.
   MAP AND ATLAS SURVEY.
   MULTIMEDIA CENTER.
   READERS' GUIDE READY REFERENCE.
   SET THEORY.

 Loew's, Inc.
   AN AMERICAN ROMANCE. (R)
   BARBARY COAST GENT. (R)
   BEAR RAID WARDEN. (R)
   BETWEEN TWO WOMEN. (R)
   BIG HEEL-WATHA. (R)
   BLONDE FEVER. (R)
   THE BODYGUARD. (R)
   CITY OF BRIGHAM YOUNG. (R)
   DARK SHADOWS. (R)
   DRAGON SEED. (R)
   GENTLE ANNIE. (R)
   GRANDPA CALLED IT ART. (R)
   JOURNEY TO YESTERDAY. (R)
   KISMET. (R)
   A LADY FIGHTS BACK. (R)
   LOST IN A HAREM. (R)
   MAIN STREET AFTER DARK. (R)
   MAISIE GOES TO RENO. (R)
   MARRIAGE IS A PRIVATE AFFAIR. (R)
   MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS. (R)
   MRS. PARKINGTON. (R)
   MONUMENTAL UTAH. (R)
   MOUSE TROUBLE. (R)
   MUSIC FOR MILLIONS. (R)
   NATIONAL VELVET. (R)
   NOSTRADAMUS IV. (R)
   NOTHING BUT TROUBLE. (R)
   OVER THE ANDES. (R)
   POLAR PEST. (R)
   PUTTIN' ON THE DOG. (R)
   ROAMING THROUGH ARIZONA. (R)
   SAFETY SLEUTH. (R)
   THE SEVENTH CROSS. (R)
   SPORTS QUIZ. (R)
   THE THIN MAN GOES HOME. (R)
   THIRTY SECONDS OVER TOKYO. (R)
   WANDERING HERE AND THERE. (R)
   THE YANKEE DOODLE MOUSE. (R)

 Lohmann, Karl Baptiste, Jr.
   PUR$UIT OF HAPPINE$$ THE MATERIALI$TIC WAY.
   TEXTURES OF THE GREAT LAKES.
   WHAT CAN YOU FIND.

 Lopert Pictures Corp.
   THE BED SITTING ROOM.
   LA CHAMADE.
   LAUGHTER IN THE DARK.

 Lord & King Associates, Inc.
   YOUR TURN IN THE BOX.

 Louisiana Audio Visuals.
   SEE Southern Audio Visual Corp. Louisiana Audio Visuals.

 Luart, Yolande du.
   SEE Du Luart, Yolande.

 Lutheran Church in America. Board of Parish Education.
   WELCOME TO THE LORD'S TABLE.

 Lutheran Church in America. Board of Publications.
   WELCOME TO THE LORD'S TABLE.

 Lutheran Church--Missouri Synod. Board of Parish Education.
   WELCOME TO THE LORD'S TABLE.

 Lutheran Church Press.
   LUTHER PROJECT IDEAS.
   TOGETHER AROUND THE WORLD.

 Lyford, Richard H.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Lykim Productions.
   THE BROWN RECLUSE SPIDER.

 Lyric Films International.
   THE GENESIS CHILDREN.


                                   M

 MCA-TV.
   THE D. A.
   FEAR NO EVIL.
   I LOVE A MYSTERY.
   IRONSIDE.
   IT TAKES A THIEF.
   NIGHT GALLERY.
   PARIS 7000.
   SILENT NIGHT, LONELY NIGHT.
   THE SMUGGLERS.

 MPO Videotronics, Inc.
   ANIM/8.

 MSJC.
   SEE Mt. San Jacinto College, Gilman Hot Springs, Calif.

 MSJC Productions.
   ACADEMIC SURVIVAL.
   ALTERNATOR--DIODE AND STATOR TESTING.
   ANALYZING SECONDARY SCOPE PATTERNS.
   BRAKE SHOE GRINDER.
   EXHAUST EMISSION CONTROL, AIR INJECTION.
   HOW TO USE A PORTABLE TACH-DWELL METER.
   IGNITION SCOPE SECONDARY WAVE FORM.
   INTRODUCTION TO LEGAL ASPECTS OF HOSPITAL WORK.
   LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE.
   OFF THE CAR DYNAMIC WHEEL BALANCE.
   PAINT PREPARATION.
   PAINT PROBLEMS.
   PRE-COLONIAL EUROPE.
   SPECIAL FOOD PROBLEMS.
   STEERING GEOMETRY.
   WHEEL BALANCE OF THE CAR.

 McCoy Associates.
   INDIAN LAND.

 McCoy, Herbert H.
   INDIAN LAND.

 Macdonald, Gordon A.
   VOLCANOES IN THE SEA.

 McDonald, John D.
   DARKER THAN AMBER.

 McGrath, John.
   THE BOFORS GUN.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   CITY GOVERNMENT.
   MEASURING LENGTHS.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co. Blakiston Division.
   BATHING THE CONVALESCENT PATIENT IN BED.
   BEDPAN AND URINAL ASSISTANCE.
   BUT I'D RATHER WEAR MY OWN PAJAMAS.
   DO YOU KNOW DR. JONES.
   DRAPING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   FINGERNAIL AND TOENAIL CARE.
   GOWNING AND GLOVING FOR SURGERY.
   IF I WAS SURE I COULD MANAGE.
   I'M SORRY I'M SUCH A BOTHER.
   MAKING A SENSITIVE RESPONSE: STIMULUS FILM.
   MEASURING AND RECORDING FLUID OUTPUT.
   MORNING CARE.
   OCCUPIED BED MAKING.
   THE OPERATING-ROOM TEAM.
   ORAL HYGIENE AND DENTURE CARE.
   ORAL HYGIENE FOR THE DEPENDENT PATIENT.
   ORGANIZATION OF THE OPERATING-ROOM SUITE.
   POSITIONING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   PREOPERATIVE PREPARATION OF THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   PREPARATION OF SURGICAL LINEN.
   SANITIZATION, DISINFECTION, AND STERILIZATION FOR SURGERY.
   SHAMPOOING AND SETTING THE PATIENT'S HAIR.
   SHAVING THE MALE PATIENT.
   SKIN CARE.
   SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS.
   THE SURGICAL SCRUB.
   SURGICAL SKIN PREPARATION IN THE NURSING AND OPERATING ROOM.
   THEY DON'T HEAR WHAT I SAY.
   TRANSFERRING AND TRANSPORTING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   TUB BATH AND SITZ BATH.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.
   CHANGING SHAPES.
   FLAT SHAPES.
   LEARNING EXPERIENCES -- SENSES.
   SHAPES ARE EVERYWHERE.
   SHAPES AT WORK.
   SHAPES IN NATURE.
   SHAPES PUZZLES.
   SHAPES WE USE.
   SPACE SHAPES: CUBES AND BOXES.
   SPACE SHAPES: CYLINDERS AND SPHERES.
   SPACE SHAPES: PYRAMIDS AND CONES.

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   THE AGRICULTURAL REVOLUTION: MAN AS FOOD PRODUCER.
   ALBERT EINSTEIN.
   CITY GOVERNMENT.
   CLASSIFYING.
   DESPITE MAN'S DIFFERENCES.
   EUROPEAN EXPANSION: ITS INFLUENCE ON MAN.
   EXPERIMENTING.
   FAMILY LIFE IN MALAYSIA: WE LIVE IN A KAMPONG.
   FAMILY OF THE BUSH: SON OF WARRIORS.
   FAMILY OF THE CITY: ADVENTURE IN NAIROBI.
   FAMILY OF THE MOUNTAINS: A PERUVIAN VILLAGE.
   FAMILY OF THE VALLEY: THE FAMILY COFFEE FARM.
   HOW MAN ADAPTS TO HIS PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT.
   HOW MAN DISCOVERS HIS PAST.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE THEORY OF CRYSTAL GROWTH.
   MAN AND THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AND THE RISE OF CIVILIZATION.
   MAN AND THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AS HUNTER AND FOOD GATHERER.
   MEASURING.
   MEASURING LENGTHS.
   OBSERVING AND DESCRIBING.
   PAKISTAN: A TWO-PART NATION.
   TIME.
   THE VISUAL ARTS.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   ADMINISTERING MEDICATIONS TO THE PREMATURE INFANT.
   THE AGRICULTURAL REVOLUTION: MAN AS FOOD PRODUCER.
   ALBERT EINSTEIN.
   BATHING THE CONVALESCENT PATIENT IN BED.
   BEDPAN AND URINAL ASSISTANCE.
   BUT I'D RATHER WEAR MY OWN PAJAMAS.
   CHANGING SHAPES.
   CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.
   CITY GOVERNMENT.
   CLASSIFYING.
   DAILY CARE OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.
   DESPITE MAN'S DIFFERENCES.
   DO YOU KNOW DR. JONES.
   DRAPING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   EDUCATING THE PARENTS OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.
   EUROPEAN EXPANSION: ITS INFLUENCE ON MAN.
   EXPERIMENTING.
   FAMILY LIFE IN MALAYSIA: WE LIVE IN A KAMPONG.
   FAMILY OF THE BUSH: SON OF WARRIORS.
   FAMILY OF THE CITY: ADVENTURE IN NAIROBI.
   FAMILY OF THE MOUNTAINS: A PERUVIAN VILLAGE.
   FAMILY OF THE VALLEY: THE FAMILY COFFEE FARM.
   FINGERNAIL AND TOENAIL CARE.
   FLAT SHAPES.
   GAVAGE FEEDING OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.
   GOWNING AND GLOVING FOR SURGERY.
   HELEN KELLER AND HER TEACHER.
   HOW MAN ADAPTS TO HIS PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT.
   HOW MAN DISCOVERS HIS PAST.
   IF I WAS SURE I COULD MANAGE.
   I'M SORRY I'M SUCH A BOTHER.
   INTRAVENOUS THERAPY FOR THE PREMATURE INFANT.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE THEORY OF CRYSTAL GROWTH.
   LEARNING EXPERIENCES--SENSES.
   MAKING A SENSITIVE RESPONSE: STIMULUS FILM.
   MAN AND THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AND THE RISE OF CIVILIZATION.
   MAN AND THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AS HUNTER AND FOOD GATHERER.
   MEASURING.
   MEASURING AND RECORDING FLUID OUTPUT.
   MEASURING LENGTHS.
   MORNING CARE.
   OBSERVING AND DESCRIBING.
   OCCUPIED BED MAKING.
   THE OPERATING-ROOM TEAM.
   ORAL HYGIENE AND DENTURE CARE.
   ORAL HYGIENE FOR THE DEPENDENT PATIENT.
   ORGANIZATION OF THE OPERATING-ROOM SUITE.
   PAKISTAN: A TWO-PART NATION.
   POSITIONING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   PREOPERATIVE PREPARATION OF THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   PREPARATION OF SURGICAL LINEN.
   PREPARING FOR ADMISSION OF THE PREMATURE INFANT.
   SANITIZATION, DISINFECTION AND STERILIZATION FOR SURGERY.
   SHAMPOOING AND SETTING THE PATIENT'S HAIR.
   SHAPES ARE EVERYWHERE.
   SHAPES AT WORK.
   SHAPES IN NATURE.
   SHAPES PUZZLES.
   SHAPES WE USE.
   SHAVING THE MALE PATIENT.
   SKIN CARE.
   SPACE SHAPES: CUBES AND BOXES.
   SPACE SHAPES: CYLINDERS AND SPHERES.
   SPACE SHAPES: PYRAMIDS AND CONES.
   SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS.
   THE SURGICAL SCRUB.
   SURGICAL SKIN PREPARATION IN THE NURSING AND OPERATING ROOM.
   THEY DON'T HEAR WHAT I SAY.
   TIME.
   TRANSFERRING AND TRANSPORTING THE SURGICAL PATIENT.
   TUB BATH AND SITZ BATH.
   THE VISUAL ARTS.

 MacKown, Diana.
   THE LONG, LONG DREAM.

 Macmillan Co.
   ADDITION.
   AREA.
   BIG IS LITTLE, LITTLE IS BIG.
   THE BUSHMEN IN THE KALAHARI DESERT.
   CIRCLES.
   THE CONCEPT OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   DIVISION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   HELP.
   HERBERT'S BABIES.
   HOT, WARM, COLD.
   LOCATING A POINT IN SPACE.
   MODELS: WHEN TO MULTIPLY OR DIVIDE.
   MULTIPLICATION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.
   POLAR COORDINATES.
   THE RIVER.
   SET OPERATIONS.
   SETS.
   SYCAMORE STREET.
   THE WATERS RETURNING.
   WHAT GROWS WHERE.
   WHERE ARE YOU.
   WHERE ON EARTH.
   THE WRINKLED BALL.

 Macmillan Educational Services, Inc.
   HOW MUCH TIME.
   INDIVIDUALIZING INSTRUCTION IN MATHEMATICS, A MINICOURSE: OVERVIEW.
   INSTRUCTIONAL 1-4.
   INSTRUCTIONAL LESSON 1-4.
   INSTRUCTIONAL PRACTICE LESSON.
   INTRODUCTION.
   LEARNING CLASSROOM SKILLS THROUGH MICROTEACHING.
   LESSON 1-4: MODEL A, MODEL B.
   MODEL 1-4.
   ONE RESPONSE.
   OVERVIEW.
   PRACTICE LESSON: MODEL A, MODEL B.

 McMurtry, Larry.
   THE LAST PICTURE SHOW.

 Magellan, Ltd.
   GLASS HOUSES.

 Mabler (Howard) Films, Inc.
   THREESOME.

 Major Pictures Corp.
   DARKER THAN AMBER.

 Malcolm, Joseph R.
   SHALOM ISRAEL.

 Malloch, William F. SEE Cadre Films.

 Mann (Ted) Productions, Inc.
   CELEBRATION AT BIG SUR.

 Marc Corp. SEE Metropolitan Applied Research Center, Inc.

 Mark VII.
   THE D. A.

 Markell, Edward K.
   MEDICAL PARASITOLOGY.

 Marketing Training Dept., Chrysler Institute.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Marsh Film Enterprises, Inc.
   DRUG ABUSE: IT'S YOUR DECISION.
   ECOLOGY: BALANCE OF NATURE.
   ECOLOGY: SPACESHIP EARTH.
   SQUEEGEE LEARNS ABOUT DRUGS.

 Marshall, Laurence K.
   OLD GAO STORYTELLERS.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   INSULATION COVERING HOT PIPING.

 Marshall, Richard S.
   'COPTER IN THE CARIBOOS.

 Martinez, Lionel.
   FLASH.

 Maxwell-Petok Productions.
   THE CRUNCH BIRD.

 May, Lola J.
   COMPARISON: PUTTING A SYMBOL TO WORK.
   NUMBER PATTERNS: PUZZLES WITH A PURPOSE.

 Mayo Clinic.
   UNDERSTANDING RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS.

 Meat & Music.
   THE CONSORTS OF HUMANISM: MUSIC IN ART OF THE RENAISSANCE.

 Media Productions, Inc.
   SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE.

 Mediarts, Ltd.
   UNMAN, WITTERING AND ZIGO.

 Medical Center. Dept. of Dermatology. New York University.
   SEE New York University. Medical Center. Dept. of Dermatology.

 Melendez (Bill) Productions, Inc.
   HE'S YOUR DOG, CHARLIE BROWN.
   PLAY IT AGAIN, CHARLIE BROWN.
   THE RAINBOW BEAR.
   YOU'RE IN LOVE, CHARLIE BROWN.

 Melendez Features, Inc.
   A BOY NAMED CHARLIE BROWN.

 Mendelson (Lee) Film Productions, Inc.
   A BOY NAMED CHARLIE BROWN.
   HE'S YOUR DOG, CHARLIE BROWN.
   PLAY IT AGAIN, CHARLIE BROWN.
   SECOND SIGHT.
   YOU'RE IN LOVE, CHARLIE BROWN.

 Mendelson (Lee)-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions.
   HOT DOG.

 Mendelson (Lee) Productions.
   THE WORLD OF CHARLIE BROWN AND CHARLES SCHULZ.

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   AN AMERICAN ROMANCE. (R)
   BARBARY COAST GENT. (R)
   BEAR RAID WARDEN. (R)
   BELIEVE IN ME.
   BETWEEN TWO WOMEN. (R)
   BIG HEEL-WATHA. (R)
   BLONDE FEVER. (R)
   THE BODYGUARD. (R)
   CITY OF BRIGHAM YOUNG. (R)
   DAKTARI.
   DARK SHADOWS. (R)
   DRAGON SEED. (R)
   FLIPPER.
   FORTUNE AND MEN'S EYES.
   THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT.
   GENTLE ANNIE. (R)
   GRANDPA CALLED IT ART. (R)
   HONDO.
   HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS.
   JOURNEY TO YESTERDAY. (R)
   KISMET. (R)
   A LADY FIGHTS BACK. (R)
   THE LAST RUN.
   LOST IN A HAREM. (R)
   MAIN STREET AFTER DARK. (R)
   MAISIE GOES TO RENO. (R)
   THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.
   MARRIAGE IS A PRIVATE AFFAIR. (R)
   MAYA.
   MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS. (R)
   MRS. PARKINGTON. (R)
   MONUMENTAL UTAH. (R)
   MOUSE TROUBLE. (R)
   MUSIC FOR MILLIONS. (R)
   NATIONAL VELVET. (R)
   THE NIGHT DIGGER.
   NIGHT OF DARK SHADOWS.
   NOSTRADAMUS IV. (R)
   NOTHING BUT TROUBLE. (R)
   OVER THE ANDES. (R)
   POLAR PEST. (R)
   PUTTIN' ON THE DOG. (R)
   ROAMING THROUGH ARIZONA. (R)
   SAFETY SLEUTH. (R)
   THE SEVENTH CROSS. (R)
   SHAFT.
   SPORTS QUIZ. (R)
   THE THIN MAN GOES HOME. (R)
   THIRTY SECONDS OVER TOKYO. (R)
   WANDERING HERE AND THERE. (R)
   WILD ROVERS.
   THE YANKEE DOODLE MOUSE. (R)

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures of Canada, Ltd.
   FORTUNE AND MEN'S EYES.

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television.
   DAKTARI.
   FLIPPER.
   HONDO.
   HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS.
   THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.
   MAYA.

 Metropolitan Applied Research Center, Inc.
   READING IS PRIDE.

 Michigan Artrain, Inc.
   ART, THE MARK OF MAN.

 Michigan Consolidated Gas Co.
   METER HANDLING STORY.

 Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn., Denver.
   [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN.
   TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Miller, Warren.
   THE WAY WE LIVE NOW.

 Milligan, Spike.
   THE BED SITTING ROOM.

 Mills, James.
   THE PANIC IN NEEDLE PARK.

 Mineola Public Schools (N.Y.)
   TWO INDIANS: RED REFLECTIONS OF LIFE.

 Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng.
   CATTLE BATTLE.
   A DOPEY HACIENDA.
   THE EGG AND AY-YI-YI.
   FASTEST TONGUE IN THE WEST.
   A FINK IN THE RINK.
   GEM DANDY.
   A LEAP IN THE DEEP.
   MUMBO JUMBO.
   SAY CHEESE, PLEASE.
   SCIENCE FRICTION.
   SNAKE IN THE GRACIAS.

 Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng.
   A FLY IN THE PINK.
   GONG WITH THE PINK.
   PINK BLUE PLATE.
   THE PINK FLEA.
   PINK-IN.
   PINK PRANKS.
   PINK TUBA-DORE.
   PSST PINK.
   TWINKLE, TWINKLE, LITTLE PINK.

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier.
   THE ULTIMATE ADVENTURE.
   VOICE OF THE DEEP.

 Monogram Pictures Corp.
   MR. MUGGS STEPS OUT. (R)
   OUTLAWS OF STAMPEDE PASS. (R)
   SIX-GUN GOSPEL. (R)
   UNKNOWN GUEST. (R)
   WOMEN IN BONDAGE. (R)

 Monroe Auto Equipment Co.
   SHOCKS TO RUN WITH.

 Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.
   FOLLOW MR. WILLOUGHBY.

 Morey, Walt.
   GENTLE BEN.

 Morrison, Alva.
   SEE Sunday River Productions.

 Morse, Carlton E.
   I LOVE A MYSTERY.

 Moss, Ruth.
   COMPARISON: PUTTING A SYMBOL TO WORK.
   NUMBER PATTERNS: PUZZLES WITH A PURPOSE.

 Motion Pictures International, Inc.
   B.S., I LOVE YOU.

 Mt. San Jacinto College, Gilman Hot Springs, Calif.
   ACADEMIC SURVIVAL.
   ALTERNATOR - DIODE AND STATOR TESTING.
   ANALYZING SECONDARY SCOPE PATTERNS.
   BRAKE SHOE GRINDER.
   DANGLING AND MISPLACED MODIFIERS.
   EXHAUST EMISSION CONTROL, AIR INJECTION.
   HOW TO USE A PORTABLE TACH-DWELL METER.
   IGNITION SCOPE SECONDARY WAVE FORM.
   INTRODUCTION TO LEGAL ASPECTS OF HOSPITAL WORK.
   JOHN BEAN VISUALINER.
   LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE.
   OFF THE CAR DYNAMIC WHEEL BALANCE.
   P.C.V. SYSTEMS: OPERATION AND SERVICE.
   PAINT PREPARATION.
   PAINT PROBLEMS.
   THE RELATIONSHIP OF RELIGION TO FAMILY LIFE.
   SPECIAL FOOD PROBLEMS.
   STATIC WHEEL BALANCE.
   STEERING GEOMETRY.
   TEACHING CHILDREN TO BE LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS.
   WHEEL BALANCE OF THE CAR.

 Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (Calif.)
   ACADEMIC SURVIVAL.
   ALTERNATOR - DIODE AND STATOR TESTING.
   ANALYZING SECONDARY SCOPE PATTERNS.
   BRAKE SHOE GRINDER.
   EXHAUST EMISSION CONTROL, AIR INJECTION.
   HOW TO USE A PORTABLE TACH-DWELL METER.
   IGNITION SCOPE SECONDARY WAVE FORM.
   INTRODUCTION TO LEGAL ASPECTS OF HOSPITAL WORK.
   JOHN BEAN VISUALINER.
   LEARNING TO TRANSCRIBE BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE.
   OFF THE CAR DYNAMIC WHEEL BALANCE.
   P.C.V. SYSTEMS: OPERATION AND SERVICE.
   PAINT PREPARATION.
   PAINT PROBLEMS.
   THE RELATIONSHIP OF RELIGION TO FAMILY LIFE.
   SPECIAL FOOD PROBLEMS.
   STATIC WHEEL BALANCE.
   STEERING GEOMETRY.
   TEACHING CHILDREN TO BE LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS.
   WHEEL BALANCE OF THE CAR.

 Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (Calif.)
   SEE MSJC Productions.

 Multimedia Development Center of the Educational Research Council of
    America. SEE Educational Research Council of America. Multimedia
    Development Center.

 Munroe, Dean.
   THE HARRIERS.


                                   N

 NBC Productions, Inc.
   CHANGE OF HABIT.

 NGC Television, Inc.
   TARZAN'S DESERT MYSTERY. (R)

 NLT Productions, Pty. Ltd.
   OUTBACK.

 Nabokov, Vladimir.
   LAUGHTER IN THE DARK.

 National Assn. of Purchasing Management, Inc.
   MEASURING THE PURCHASING MAN: TREND OF PERFORMANCE.

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc.
   ARTHUR RUBINSTEIN.
   CANCER IS THE NEXT FRONTIER.
   NBC WHITE PAPER.

 National Chemsearch Corp.
   BECAUSE WE CARE.

 National Education Assn.
   ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS: WHAT THE INDIVIDUAL CAN DO.

 National Film Board of Canada.
   BUSTER KEATON RIDES AGAIN.
   THE RAILRODDER.
   THIS IS THE HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT.
   TO SEE OR NOT TO SEE.

 National General Pictures.
   THE AFRICAN ELEPHANT.
   WHO IS HARRY KELLERMAN AND WHY IS HE SAYING THOSE TERRIBLE THINGS
      ABOUT ME.

 National General Pictures Corp.
   ADAM AT 6 A.M.
   BLUE WATER, WHITE DEATH.
   DARKER THAN AMBER.
   LE MANS.
   MONTE WALSH.
   THE REIVERS.
   SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE.

 National Geographic Society.
   MONKEYS, APES, AND MAN.

 National Right to Work Committee.
   THE SPRINGFIELD GUN.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   ALL SAILS SET. (R)
   CARIBBEAN ROMANCE. (R)
   EGGS DON'T BOUNCE. (R)
   G-I-FUN. (R)
   GOOD-NIGHT RUSTY. (R)
   JASPER GOES FISHING. (R)
   MERMAIDS ON PARADE. (R)
   OZARK SPORTSMEN. (R)
   SING, HELEN, SING. (K)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN TALES OF THE BORDER. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE DESERT. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE GARDEN. (R)
   STUFFY IN DOWN WITH EVERYTHING. (R)
   THREE BEARS IN A BOAT. (R)
   THE TRUCK THAT FLEW. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-6. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 3-1. (R)
   YOURS TRULY. (R)

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc. Repix, Inc.
   SEE Repix, Inc.

 Neider, Sheldon M.
   A DUAL CONCEPT FOR THE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLAR GENERATION.

 New Jersey Education Assn.
   TEACHERS MAKE A DIFFERENCE.

 New York Stock Exchange.
   MARKET IN MOTION.

 New York Times Co.
   LATIN AMERICA AND THE UNITED STATES.
   PROFILE OF AMERICANS.
   WHAT'S HAPPENED TO PATRIOTISM?

 New York University. Medical Center. Dept. of Dermatology.
   CHEMOSURGERY: MICROSCOPICALLY CONTROLLED EXCISION OF SKIN CANCER.

 New Yorker Films.
   INTERVIEWS WITH MY LAI VETERANS.

 Newman-Foreman Co., Inc.
   PUZZLE OF A DOWNFALL CHILD.

 Niles (Fred A.) Communications Centers, Inc.
   SUN DREAM.

 Nolan, Mary Lee.
   ESPANA.
   EL MEXICO HISPANICO.
   EL MEXICO MODERNO.
   VOLCANOES.

 Noland Co., Inc.
   CUSTOMER SATISFACTION, A NOLAND RESPONSIBILITY.
   EFFECTIVE WHOLESALING THROUGH PROPER BRANCH BUYING.
   EFFECTIVE WHOLESALING THROUGH PROPER INVENTORY CONTROL.
   EFFECTIVE WHOLESALING THROUGH PROPER QUOTATIONS.

 Norlan Productions, Inc.
   VALDEZ IS COMING.

 Norton, Mary.
   BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS.

 Nystrom (A. J.) & Co.
   MAN AND THE OCEAN.
   MAN AND THE OCEAN: A COMPLETE PROGRAM IN OCEANOGRAPHY.
   MAPS SHOW THE EARTH.


                                   O

 Offender Aid & Restoration of Virginia, Inc.
   LATER, JASON.

 Omega Productions.
   A SLICE OF BREAD.

 Omega Productions, Inc.
   THE NIGHTINGALE'S TAIL.

 Onorati, Henry.
   THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY.

 Owens-Illinois, Inc. Forest Products Division.
   SUBJECT: PACKAGING.


                                   P

 P.E.A.
   SEE Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.

 Pacific Productions.
   WHY NOT ACCOUNTING.

 Palladian Pictures, Ltd.
   MONTE WALSH.

 Pan American World Airways.
   FAMILY OF THE BUSH: SON OF WARRIORS.
   FAMILY OF THE CITY: ADVENTURE IN NAIROBI.
   FAMILY OF THE MOUNTAINS: A PERUVIAN VILLAGE.
   FAMILY OF THE VALLEY: THE FAMILY COFFEE FARM.

 Pappanikolaou, George.
   SANTA IN CROMALAND.

 Pappanikolaou, Sofia.
   SANTA IN CROMALAND.

 Para Communications Group.
   HOW TO KILL.

 Paramount Pictures Corp.
   BEEN DOWN SO LONG IT LOOKS LIKE UP TO ME.
   BONNIE LASSIE. (R)
   FRIENDS.
   FUN TIME. (R)
   GABRIEL CHURCHKITTEN. (R)
   HALFWAY TO HEAVEN. (R)
   HAROLD AND MAUDE.
   LET'S SCARE JESSICA TO DEATH.
   LUCKY COWBOY. (R)
   MIRACLE OF MORGAN'S CREEK. (R)
   PLAZA SUITE.
   SHOWBOAT SERENADE. (R)
   STAR BRIGHT. (R)
   STAR SPANGLED GIRL.
   T. R. BASKIN.
   UNMAN, WITTERING AND ZIGO.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   ALL SAILS SET. (R)
   AND NOW TOMORROW. (R)
   BONNIE LASSIE. (R)
   CARIBBEAN ROMANCE. (R)
   DOUBLE INDEMNITY. (R)
   EGGS DON'T BOUNCE. (R)
   FRENCHMAN'S CREEK. (R)
   FUN TIME. (R)
   G-I-FUN. (R)
   GABRIEL CHURCHKITTEN. (R)
   GOOD-NIGHT RUSTY. (R)
   HALFWAY TO HEAVEN. (R)
   HERE COME THE WAVES. (R)
   JASPER GOES FISHING. (R)
   LUCKY COWBOY. (R)
   MAN IN HALF MOON STREET. (R)
   MERMAIDS ON PARADE. (R)
   MINISTRY OF FEAR. (R)
   MIRACLE OF MORGAN'S CREEK. (R)
   NATIONAL BARN DANCE. (R)
   OUR HEARTS WERE YOUNG AND GAY. (R)
   OZARK SPORTSMEN. (R)
   PRACTICALLY YOURS. (R)
   RAINBOW ISLAND. (R)
   SHOWBOAT SERENADE. (R)
   SING, HELEN, SING. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN TALES OF THE BORDER. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE DESERT. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE GARDEN. (R)
   STAR BRIGHT. (R)
   STUFFY IN DOWN WITH EVERYTHING. (R)
   THREE BEARS IN A BOAT. (R)
   TILL WE MEET AGAIN. (R)
   THE TRUCK THAT FLEW. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L2-6. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 3-1. (R)
   YOURS TRULY. (R)

 Parents' Magazine Films, Inc.
   EIGHTEEN COUSINS.
   ZACHARY ZWEEN.

 Patrick Productions, Inc., Professional Education & Research.
   SEE Professional Education & Research.

 Pauker, Loretta.
   THE VOICE OF THE KHALAM.

 Paulist Fathers, Inc.
   [CONTEMPLATIONS FOR THE NEW EARTH]

 Peabody College.
   SEE George Peabody College.

 Penbar Productions, Inc.
   FOOL'S PARADE.

 Penney (J. C.) Co., Inc.
   PENNEYS WAITRESS SERVICE TRAINING.

 Pennsylvania. Dept. of Justice.
   FACES OF BOREDOM.

 Pennsylvania. Dept. of Justice. Pennsylvania Crime Commission.
   FACES OF BOREDOM.

 Peppertree Productions, Inc.
   RETURN OF COUNT YORGA.

 Perfect Photo, Inc.
   SUBJECT CLASSIFICATION TRAINING.

 Perry (Frank) Films, Inc.
   DOC.

 Peters, Gregory.
   HOT CREEK RANCH, CALIFORNIA.

 Peterson, Charles E.
   FARALLON LIGHT.

 Peyton, Robert.
   REPORT.

 Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Assn.
   MR. GALEN COMES TO TOWN.

 PhilDil Productions, Ltd.
   THE PHYLLIS DILLER SHOW.
   THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON.

 Phillips, David A.
   THE HARRIERS.

 Piccadilly Films International Co., Ltd.
   HOW TO BE A TOOTH-KEEPER.
   THE TOOTH-KEEPER.

 Pied Piper.
   LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

 Portafilms.
   SAVINGS BANK FOR KILOWATTS.

 Portland State University, Portland, Or.
   WHO HANDICAPS THE HANDICAPPED.

 Power (Jules) International Productions, Inc.
   THE AGRICULTURAL REVOLUTION: MAN AS FOOD PRODUCER.
   DESPITE MAN'S DIFFERENCES.
   EUROPEAN EXPANSION: ITS INFLUENCE ON MAN.
   HOW MAN ADAPTS TO HIS PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT.
   HOW MAN DISCOVERS HIS PAST.
   MAN AND THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AND THE RISE OF CIVILIZATION.
   MAN AND THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION.
   MAN AS HUNTER AND FOOD GATHERER.

 Preacherman Corp.
   PREACHERMAN.

 Priestley, Violet.
   SEE Library Filmstrip Center.

 Principal Artists Productions.
   TARZAN'S DESERT MYSTERY. (R)

 Productions Artistes Associes.
   LA CHAMADE.

 Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.
   ADIOS, SABATA.
   LA CHAMADE.

 Professional Arts, Inc.
   TO GET FROM HERE TO THERE.

 Professional Education & Research.
   BRUSHING.
   FLOSSING.
   PERIO-AID.
   PREVENTISTRY -- PREVENTIVE DENTISTRY.
   360° FLOSSING OR LOOPING.

 Project 7 Films, Inc.
   ALBERT EINSTEIN.

 Project 7 Productions.
   EVERY DAY OF OUR LIVES.
   HELEN KELLER AND HER TEACHER.


                                   Q

 QM Productions.
   THE MEPHISTO WALTZ.


                                   R

 RFG Associates, Inc.
   MR. GALEN COMES TO TOWN.

 RKO General, Inc.
   BRIDE BY MISTAKE. (R)
   ESCAPE TO DANGER. (R)
   THE FALCON IN MEXICO. (R)
   GILDERSLEEVE'S GHOST. (R)
   HEAVENLY DAYS. (R)
   MADEMOISELLE FIFI. (R)
   MARINE RAIDERS. (R)
   MUSIC IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   A NIGHT OF ADVENTURE. (R)
   STEP LIVELY. (R)
   YOUTH RUNS WILD. (R)

 RKO Radio British Productions, Ltd.
   ESCAPE TO DANGER. (R)

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   BRIDE BY MISTAKE. (R)
   THE FALCON IN MEXICO. (R)
   GILDERSLEEVE'S GHOST. (R)
   HEAVENLY DAYS. (R)
   MADEMOISELLE FIFI. (R)
   MARINE RAIDERS. (R)
   MUSIC IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   A NIGHT OF ADVENTURE. (R)
   STEP LIVELY. (R)
   YOUTH RUNS WILD. (R)

 Raack, R. C. SEE Cadre Films.

 Random House, Inc.
   BABAR COMES TO AMERICA.
   THE STORY OF BABAR THE ELEPHANT.

 Rastar Productions, Inc.
   TO FIND A MAN.

 Raybert Productions, Inc.
   THE MONKEES.

 Raymond, John.
   THE MARVELOUS MARCH OF JEAN FRANCOIS.

 Reade (Walter) Organization, Inc.
   ARTHUR'S WORLD.
   GEORGIE TO THE RESCUE.
   THE MARVELOUS MARCH OF JEAN FRANCOIS.
   NIGHT'S NICE.

 Reade (Walter) Organization, Inc. Sterling Educational Films.
   SEE Sterling Educational Films.

 Red Lion Productions, Inc.
   HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE.

 Regents of University of California, Berkeley.
   SEE University of California, Berkeley. Regents.

 Regional Film Distributors, Inc.
   THE BOFORS GUN.

 Renn Productions.
   LE PISTONNE.

 Repix, Inc.
   ATLANTIC CITY. (R)
   BENEATH WESTERN SKIES. (R)
   BORDERTOWN TRAIL. (R)
   BRAZIL. (R)
   CALL OF THE ROCKIES. (R)
   CALL OF THE SOUTH SEAS. (R)
   CAPTAIN AMERICA. (R)
   CHEYENNE WILDCAT. (R)
   CODE OF THE PRAIRIE. (R)
   END OF THE ROAD. (R)
   FACES IN THE FOG. (R)
   THE FIGHTING SEABEES. (R)
   FIREBRANDS OF ARIZONA. (R)
   THE GIRL WHO DARED. (R)
   GOODNIGHT SWEETHEART. (R)
   HAUNTED HARBOR. (R)
   HIDDEN VALLEY OUTLAWS. (R)
   JAMBOREE. (R)
   THE LADY AND THE MONSTER. (R)
   LAKE PLACID SERENADE. (R)
   THE LARAMIE TRAIL. (R)
   MAN FROM FRISCO. (R)
   MARSHAL OF RENO. (R)
   MOJAVE FIREBRAND. (R)
   MY BEST GAL. (R)
   MY BUDDY. (R)
   OUTLAWS OF SANTA FE. (R)
   THE PORT OF FORTY THIEVES. (R)
   ROSIE, THE RIVETER. (R)
   THE SAN ANTONIO KID. (R)
   SECRETS OF SCOTLAND YARD. (R)
   SHERIFF OF LAS VEGAS. (R)
   SHERIFF OF SUNDOWN. (R)
   SILENT PARTNER. (R)
   SILVER CITY KID. (R)
   SING, NEIGHBOR, SING. (R)
   STAGECOACH TO MONTEREY. (R)
   STORM OVER LISBON. (R)
   STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   THOROUGHBREDS. (R)
   THREE LITTLE SISTERS. (R)
   THE TIGER WOMAN. (R)
   TUCSON RAIDERS. (R)
   VIGILANTES OF DODGE CITY. (R)

 Repper, Patricia R.
   GET TOGETHER.

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   ATLANTIC CITY. (R)
   BENEATH WESTERN SKIES. (R)
   BORDERTOWN TRAIL. (R)
   BRAZIL. (R)
   CALL OF THE ROCKIES. (R)
   CALL OF THE SOUTH SEAS. (R)
   CAPTAIN AMERICA. (R)
   CHEYENNE WILDCAT. (R)
   CODE OF THE PRAIRIE. (R)
   END OF THE ROAD. (R)
   FACES IN THE FOG. (R)
   THE FIGHTING SEABEES. (R)
   FIREBRANDS OF ARIZONA. (R)
   THE GIRL WHO DARED. (R)
   GOODNIGHT SWEETHEART. (R)
   HAUNTED HARBOR. (R)
   HIDDEN VALLEY OUTLAWS. (R)
   JAMBOREE. (R)
   THE LADY AND THE MONSTER. (R)
   LAKE PLACID SERENADE. (R)
   THE LARAMIE TRAIL. (R)
   MAN FROM FRISCO. (R)
   MARSHAL OF RENO. (R)
   MOJAVE FIREBRAND. (R)
   MY BEST GAL. (R)
   MY BUDDY. (R)
   OUTLAWS OF SANTA FE. (R)
   THE PORT OF FORTY THIEVES. (R)
   ROSIE, THE RIVETER. (R)
   THE SAN ANTONIO KID. (R)
   SECRETS OF SCOTLAND YARD. (R)
   SHERIFF OF LAS VEGAS. (R)
   SHERIFF OF SUNDOWN. (R)
   SILENT PARTNER. (R)
   SILVER CITY KID. (R)
   SING, NEIGHBOR, SING. (R)
   STAGECOACH TO MONTEREY. (R)
   STORM OVER LISBON. (R)
   STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   THOROUGHBREDS. (R)
   THREE LITTLE SISTERS. (R)
   THE TIGER WOMAN. (R)
   TUCSON RAIDERS. (R)
   VIGILANTES OF DODGE CITY. (R)

 Review Educational Films, Inc.
   ADDITION & SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS, SUMS OF 10.
   ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS: SUMS OF 11.
   ADDITION FACTS, SUMS OF 13.
   THE MISSING ADDEND.
   MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 4.
   MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 5.
   SUBTRACTION FACTS: MINUENDS OF 11.
   SUBTRACTION FACTS, MINUENDS OF 12.
   SUMS OF 10.
   SUMS OF 12.

 Rexarc, Inc.
   FLASHBACK.

 Richter, Hans.
   DADASCOPE.

 Richter, Mischa.
   ARTHUR'S WORLD.

 Rios, Tere.
   THE FLYING NUN.

 Roa's Films.
   GET ON YOUR MARK, GET READY, GET SET.

 Roberts (John) Inc.
   THE EXCITERS -- THE JOHN ROBERTS RING PROGRAM.

 Rockefeller University.
   BEHAVIOR AND ECOLOGY OF VERVET MONKEYS.
   VOCALIZATIONS OF WILD CHIMPANZEES.

 Rocket Pictures, Inc. Better Selling Bureau.
   [SUPPLEMENT TO HOW TO SUCCEED IN BANKING]

 Rohm & Haas Co.
   ANIM/8.

 Rome Co.
   TO ROME WITH LOVE.

 Ronco Teleproducts, Inc.
   [RONCO TELEPRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Rosenthal Productions, Inc. SEE
   B.D.S.L. Productions.

 Ross (Frank) Inc.
   A LADY TAKES A CHANCE. (R)

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   I'D RATHER NOT SAY.
   THE UNCALCULATED RISK.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   THE BIGGEST OBSTACLE.
   A CHAMPION MEETS THE CHALLENGER FOR '72.
   ENGINE PERFORMANCE FACTS AND FIXES.
   ENGINEERING FOR QUALITY.
   FEATURES & OPTIONS.
   HOW TO CUT THE WOMAN CUSTOMER'S SHOPPING TRIP SHORT.
   IGNITION SYSTEMS FOR '72.
   LET IT HAPPEN, OR MAKE IT HAPPEN.
   MR. TONY'S TALE.
   THE MOVIE MAKERS.
   [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, CHRYSLER/IMPERIAL]
   [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, PLYMOUTH FURY]
   [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM, PLYMOUTH SATELLITE]
   1972 PICKUP ROUNDUP STARRING THE BEST BRED TRUCK WEST OF THE PECOS.
   THE PROFESSIONAL & CORONET FOR '72.
   A SELLING ACE MEETS THE POLARA AND MONACO FOR '72.
   SELLING TOOLS.
   THE '72 THERMO-QUAD CARBURETOR.
   SHOPPING SPREE.
   SUB-COMPACT AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.
   SUCCESS AND THE '72 DART.
   TO MARKET WITH DODGE IN '72.
   A TOP DODGE SALESMAN LOOKS AT THE '72 CHARGER.
   VITAMIN C FOR CLOSING.

 Royal Films International.
   LE PISTONNE.

 Russell & Begos, Inc.
   [BEATRICE FOODS CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Russell, George.
   LES ANTILLES FRANCAISES.
   THE FRENCH WEST INDIES.

 Russell, Suzanne.
   LES ANTILLES FRANCAISES.
   THE FRENCH WEST INDIES.

 Ryan, Thomas E.
   WEIHNACHTEN IN DER SCHWEIZ.


                                   S

 S & R Foundation, Washington Crossing, Pa.
   GOOD MORNING, FREEDOM.

 Sagan, Francoise.
   LA CHAMADE.

 Salon Productions, Ltd.
   THE SWAPPERS.

 San Diego County, Calif. Dept. of Education.
   TO GET FROM HERE TO THERE.

 Sanderson Films, Inc.
   BASIC RADAR AND TRANSPONDER.

 Sanderson, Richard A.
   MILL WORKER'S FAMILY.

 Saparoff, Albert.
   GET HIGH ON LIFE.

 Sauer, John Allan.
   FINDING GOOD IDEAS FOR STORIES: THREE MAGICAL METHODS.

 Sauer, Patricia Hewlett.
   FINDING GOOD IDEAS FOR STORIES: THREE MAGICAL METHODS.

 Saunders (W. B.) Co.
   MEDICAL PARASITOLOGY.
   UNDERSTANDING RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS.

 Saxton Graphic Associates, Ltd.
   NATIONAL ANTHEM.

 Schaefer, Frank.
   DANIEL.

 Schaefer, Jack.
   MONTE WALSH.

 Schatzberg (Jerrold) Productions, Inc.
   PUZZLE OF A DOWNFALL CHILD.

 Schering Corp.
   CHEMOSURGERY: MICROSCOPICALLY CONTROLLED EXCISION OF SKIN CANCER.

 Schindel, Morton.
   EZRA JACK KEATS.
   A LETTER TO AMY.

 Schulman (Avi) & Sons.
   BAKING HAND MATZO.

 Science Curriculum Improvement Study, University of California.
   SEE University of California, Berkeley. Science Curriculum
      Improvement Study.

 Scott Scientific, Inc.
   EARTH IS THE ONLY WORLD WE HAVE -- ECOLOGY: WATER POLLUTION.

 Screen Gems.
   BRIAN'S SONG.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   AMOOZIN' BUT CONFOOZIN'. (R)
   THE COCKY BANTAM. (R)
   THE DISILLUSIONED BLUE BIRD. (R)
   THE DREAM KIDS. (R)
   THE FLYING NUN.
   GIDDY-YAPPING. (R)
   THE HERRING MURDER MYSTERY. (R)
   IMAGINATION. (R)
   LIONEL LION. (R)
   MAGIC STRENGTH. (R)
   THE MONKEES.
   NANCY.
   NURSERY CRIMES. (R)
   THE PLAYFUL PEST. (R)
   POLLY WANTS A DOCTOR. (R)
   THE ROCKY ROAD TO RUIN. (R)
   ROOM AND BORED. (R)
   SADIE HAWKINS DAY. (R)
   WAY DOWN YONDER IN THE CORN. (R)

 Sendak, Maurice.
   LET'S BE ENEMIES.

 Servicemaster Serv-Opp International Corp.
   SERVICEMASTER ON LOCATION CARPET CARE SERVICES.

 Shaft Productions, Ltd.
   SHAFT.

 Sharpe (Robert K.) Productions, Inc.
   BEFORE THE MOUNTAIN WAS MOVED.

 Sheldon (Sidney) Productions, Inc.
   NANCY.

 Shoreline Public Schools, Seattle.
   PATCH: POSITIVE APPROACH TO CHANGING HUMANS.

 Shulman (Avi) & Sons.
   KOSHERING MEAT AND CHICKEN.

 Silver Burdett Co.
   ROSS MACDONALD: IN THE FIRST PERSON.

 Silvermine Films, Inc.
   ONCE THERE WAS A WORLD.

 Sim Productions, Inc.
   MR. KOUMAL BATTLES HIS CONSCIENCE.
   MR. KOUMAL DISCOVERS KOUMALIA.
   MR. KOUMAL GETS INVOLVED.
   PSALM 104.

 Simeone, Harry.
   THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY.

 Simon, Neil.
   PLAZA SUITE.
   STAR SPANGLED GIRL.

 Single Concepts Productions, Inc.
   MOTION PICTURE STORY TEST.
   A TECHNIQUE FOR OBTAINING PURE TONE THRESHOLDS.

 Small (Edward) Productions, Inc.
   ABROAD WITH TWO YANKS. (R)
   UP IN MABEL'S ROOM. (R)

 Smith Family Co.
   THE SMITH FAMILY.

 Society for Visual Education, Inc.
   HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY.
   PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
   WONDERS OF NATURE.

 Solar Productions, Inc.
   ADAM AT 6 A.M.
   LE MANS.
   THE REIVERS.

 Solberg, Gunard.
   HONKY.

 Sourdough, Ltd.
   HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE.

 Southern Audio Visual Corp. Louisiana Audio Visuals.
   THE ACADIANS.
   A LOUISIANA BOUCHERIE.
   PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950'S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.

 Southern Illinois University, Carbondale.
   THIS LAND IS.
   VERGETTE MAKING A POT.

 Southwest Films Associates.
   LET'S EAT PROPERLY.
   LET'S LIVE SAFELY.
   LET'S STAY HEALTHY.
   LET'S USE NUMBERS.
   YOUR CHILD: OUR JOINT RESPONSIBILITY.

 Spencer, Alan G.
   TURN OFF POLLUTION.

 Spier, Peter.
   LONDON BRIDGE IS FALLING DOWN.

 Stanmore Productions.
   FOOL'S PARADE.

 Stark (Milton) Productions, Ltd.
   INTERNATIONAL SHOWCASE.

 Starkweather, John.
   I WILL.

 Steiner (Ira) Productions, Inc.
   VALDEZ IS COMING.

 Sterling Educational Films.
   ARTHUR'S WORLD.
   EIGHTEEN COUSINS.
   GEORGIE TO THE RESCUE.
   THE MARVELOUS MARCH OF JEAN FRANCOIS.
   NIGHT'S NICE.
   A SLICE OF BREAD.
   ZACHARY ZWEEN.

 Stewart, Calvin B.
   HOW TO MAKE A QUICKIE FILMSTRIP.

 Stewart, Fred Mustard.
   THE MEPHISTO WALTZ.

 Stockbridge Productions, Inc.
   LITTLE BIG MAN.

 Stone (Andrew) Pictures Corp.
   SENSATIONS OF 1945. (R)

 Strauss (Henry) Associates.
   HEY, HOW ABOUT RIGHT NOW.

 Strolling Players, Inc.
   THE JEWISH WIFE.

 Success Associates International, Inc.
   MAN ALIVE.

 Sunday River Productions.
   NAME TRAINS OF THE RIO GRANDE: 1939.
   TWO FOOT GAUGE IN MAINE.

 Susann, Jacqueline.
   THE LOVE MACHINE.

 Swanson, John Eldon.
   RAUNCH.

 Swanson Productions.
   MEASURING THE PURCHASING MAN: TREND OF PERFORMANCE.

 Swarthout, Glendon.
   BLESS THE BEASTS & CHILDREN.


                                   T

 TW Productions.
   DEMOCRACY - EQUALITY OR PRIVILEGE.
   IMPEACHMENT OF A PRESIDENT.
   THE RIGHT OF DISSENT.
   THE RIGHT OF PETITION.
   STATES' RIGHTS.

 Take Ten, Inc.
   MAN AND THE OCEAN.

 Tavin, Balbina.
   ARCHIMEDES PRINCIPLE.

 Teaching Films, Inc.
   ANTERIOR TRIANGLE OF THE NECK.
   THE BISECTED HEAD: NASAL CAVITY AND TONGUE.
   THE CRANIAL CAVITY: REMOVAL OF THE BRAIN.
   CRANIOVERTEBRAL, PREVERTEBRAL & PHARYNGEAL REGIONS.
   THE EXTERNAL AND MIDDLE EAR.
   THE LARYNX.
   THE ORBIT FROM ABOVE.
   PAROTID AND SUBMANDIBULAR REGIONS.
   POSTERIOR TRIANGLE OF THE NECK.

 Teaching Resources Development Center.
   HIGHLIGHTS OF HISTORY.
   PEOPLE AND EVENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
   WONDERS OF NATURE.

 Teletape Corp. Teletape Detroit.
   SEE Teletape Detroit.

 Teletape Detroit.
   BUY THE NUMBERS.
   $500.00 PACKAGE.
   SNAP-IN CARTRIDGE.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   PUR$UIT OF HAPPINE$$ THE MATERIALI$TIC WAY.
   TEXTURES OF THE GREAT LAKES.
   WHAT CAN YOU FIND.

 Three-Jay Productions.
   REGGIE.

 Thuemmel, Robert W., Jr.
   CATCHING & THROWING.

 Tidyman, Ernest.
   SHAFT.

 Tors (Ivan) Films, Inc.
   DAKTARI.
   FLIPPER.
   GENTLE BEN.

 Trafco.
   GOLD IS THE WAY I FEEL.

 Training Division, Allstate Insurance Co.
   SEE Allstate Insurance Co. Training Division.

 Trainscope.
   [TELLER TRAINING]

 Trans-American Films.
   THE SWAPPERS.

 Translor Productions, Inc.
   FOOLS.

 Trend Films.
   FIRE.
   HOPIS: GUARDIANS OF THE LAND.
   HOW DO YOU FEEL.
   I AM A MIME.
   OPEN UP MY EYES.
   RIGHT ON/BE FREE.
   STRING.

 Troll Associates.
   EXPLORING NEW MATH.

 Trucco, Mrs. Joseph J.
   FROM THE OLD WEST TO THE NEW WEST.

 Turman (Lawrence) Inc.
   THE GRADUATE.

 Turnbull, Colin M.
   THE MBUTI OF THE ITURI FOREST.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
   B.S., I LOVE YOU.
   CELEBRATION AT BIG SUR.
   ESCAPE FROM THE PLANET OF THE APES.
   4 CLOWNS.
   THE MEPHISTO WALTZ.
   THE PANIC IN NEEDLE PARK.
   THE SEVEN MINUTES.
   VANISHING POINT.


                                   U

 Udry, Janice May.
   LET'S BE ENEMIES.

 United Artists Corp.
   ADIOS, SABATA.
   CATTLE BATTLE.
   DOC.
   A DOPEY HACIENDA.
   THE EGG AND AY-YI-YI.
   A FINK IN THE RINK.
   A FLY IN THE PINK.
   GEM DANDY.
   GIRLS, ALL THOSE GIRLS.
   GONG WITH THE PINK.
   THE HUNTING PARTY.
   LAWMAN.
   LEO THE LAST.
   MATCHLESS.
   MUMBO JUMBO.
   OUTBACK.
   PINK BLUE PLATE.
   THE PINK FLEA.
   PINK-IN.
   PINK PRANKS.
   PINK TUBA-DORE.
   PSST PINK.
   SAY CHEESE, PLEASE.
   SCIENCE FRICTION.
   SNAKE IN THE GRACIAS.
   SURPRISING SOUTH DAKOTA.
   THUNDERBIRDS ARE GO.
   TWINKLE, TWINKLE, LITTLE PINK.
   VALDEZ IS COMING.
   THE WAY WE LIVE NOW.

 United Artists Television.
   THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW.

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   BAA BAA BLACK SHEEP. (R)
   GRANDFATHER'S FOLLIES. (R)
   IN OUR TIME. (R)
   OVER THE WALL. (R)
   THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.
   PASSAGE TO MARSEILLE. (R)
   ROARING GUNS. (R)

 United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
   HE'S YOUR DOG, CHARLIE BROWN.
   IT WAS A SHORT SUMMER, CHARLIE BROWN.
   PLAY IT AGAIN, CHARLIE BROWN.
   YOU'RE IN LOVE, CHARLIE BROWN.

 United Methodist Church. General Board of Education. Division of
    Curriculum Resources.
   A SIGN OF LOVE.

 United States Olympic Committee.
   INTERNATIONAL SHOWCASE.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   ANY SECOND NOW.
   DEADLOCK.
   FEAR NO EVIL.
   IT TAKES A THIEF.
   NIGHT GALLERY.
   PARIS 7000.
   SILENT NIGHT, LONELY NIGHT.
   THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Universal Pictures.
   SEE Universal Pictures.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Universal Television.
   SEE Universal Television.

 Universal Pictures.
   ABOU BEN BOOGIE. (R)
   AL DONAHUE AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN HARMONY HIGHWAY. (R)
   ALLERGIC TO LOVE. (R)
   THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN.
   AVIATION EXPERT, DONALD DOUGLAS. (R)
   BABES ON SWING STREET. (R)
   THE BEACH NUT. (R)
   BEAR MOUNTAIN GAME. (R)
   BEYOND THE PECOS. (R)
   BOSS OF BOOMTOWN. (R)
   BOWERY TO BROADWAY. (R)
   CHANGE OF HABIT.
   CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY. (R)
   THE CLIMAX. (R)
   THE D. A.
   A DAY WITH THE BOYS.
   DEAD MAN'S EYES. (R)
   DESTINY. (R)
   DOGS FOR SHOW. (R)
   EMIL COLEMAN AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN ON THE MELLOW SIDE. (R)
   ENTER ARSENE LUPIN. (R)
   THE FANTASTIC CASTLE. (R)
   FISH FRY. (R)
   FOSTER'S CANARY COLLEGE. (R)
   FRAUD BY MAIL. (R)
   FROM SPRUCE TO BOMBER. (R)
   THE FROZEN GHOST. (R)
   GHOST CATCHERS. (R)
   GYPSY WILDCAT. (R)
   HI BEAUTIFUL. (R)
   HOBO NEWS. (R)
   THE HONEST FORGER. (R)
   HOUSE OF FRANKENSTEIN. (R)
   IDOL OF THE CROWD. (R)
   I'LL REMEMBER APRIL. (R)
   IN SOCIETY. (R)
   THE INVISIBLE MAN'S REVENGE. (R)
   JUNGLE JIVE. (R)
   JUNGLE WOMAN. (R)
   LOST FLIGHT.
   MELODY PARADE. (R)
   THE MERRY MONAHANS. (R)
   MIDNIGHT MELODIES. (R)
   MR. CHIMP GOES SOUTH. (R)
   THE MUMMY'S CURSE. (R)
   MURDER IN THE BLUE ROOM. (R)
   MY GAL LOVES MUSIC. (R)
   NIGHT CLUB GIRL. (R)
   THE OLD TEXAS TRAIL. (R)
   PAGLIACCI SWINGS IT. (R)
   PARDON MY RHYTHM. (R)
   PATRICK THE GREAT. (R)
   PENTHOUSE RHYTHM. (R)
   PIED PIPER OF BASIN STREET. (R)
   PUZZLE OF A DOWNFALL CHILD.
   RECKLESS AGE. (R)
   RENEGADES OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE SANTA FE. (R)
   SAN DIEGO, I LOVE YOU. (R)
   THE SCARLET CLAW. (R)
   SEE MY LAWYER. (R)
   THE SINGING SHERIFF. (R)
   SKI FOR TWO. (R)
   SONNY DUNHAM AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN JIVE BUSTERS. (R)
   SOUTH OF DIXIE. (R)
   SPINNING A YARN. (R)
   SWINGTIME HOLIDAY. (R)
   TAKING OFF.
   TRAIL TO GUNSIGHT. (R)
   TRIGGER TRAIL. (R)
   TWILIGHT ON THE PRAIRIE. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WORLD WITHOUT BORDERS. (R)

 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
   ABOU BEN BOOGIE. (R)
   AL DONAHUE AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN HARMONY HIGHWAY. (R)
   ALLERGIC TO LOVE. (R)
   AVIATION EXPERT, DONALD DOUGLAS. (R)
   BABES ON SWING STREET. (R)
   THE BEACH NUT. (R)
   BEAR MOUNTAIN GAME. (R)
   BEYOND THE PECOS. (R)
   BOSS OF BOOMTOWN. (R)
   BOWERY TO BROADWAY. (R)
   CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY. (R)
   THE CLIMAX. (R)
   DEAD MAN'S EYES. (R)
   DESTINY. (R)
   DOGS FOR SHOW. (R)
   EMIL COLEMAN AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN ON THE MELLOW SIDE. (R)
   ENTER ARSENE LUPIN. (R)
   THE FANTASTIC CASTLE. (R)
   FISH FRY. (R)
   FOSTER'S CANARY COLLEGE. (R)
   FRAUD BY MAIL. (R)
   FROM SPRUCE TO BOMBER. (R)
   THE FROZEN GHOST. (R)
   GHOST CATCHERS. (R)
   GYPSY WILDCAT. (R)
   HI BEAUTIFUL. (R)
   HOBO NEWS. (R)
   THE HONEST FORGER. (R)
   HOUSE OF FEAR. (R)
   HOUSE OF FRANKENSTEIN. (R)
   IDOL OF THE CROWD. (R)
   I'LL REMEMBER APRIL. (R)
   IN SOCIETY. (R)
   THE INVISIBLE MAN'S REVENGE. (R)
   JUNGLE JIVE. (R)
   JUNGLE WOMAN. (R)
   MELODY PARADE. (R)
   THE MERRY MONAHANS. (R)
   MIDNIGHT MELODIES. (R)
   MR. CHIMP GOES SOUTH. (R)
   THE MUMMY'S CURSE. (R)
   MURDER IN THE BLUE ROOM. (R)
   MY GAL LOVES MUSIC. (R)
   NIGHT CLUB GIRL. (R)
   THE OLD TEXAS TRAIL. (R)
   PAGLIACCI SWINGS IT. (R)
   PARDON MY RHYTHM. (R)
   PATRICK THE GREAT. (R)
   PEARL OF DEATH. (R)
   PENTHOUSE RHYTHM. (R)
   PIED PIPER OF BASIN STREET. (R)
   RECKLESS AGE. (R)
   RENEGADES OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE SANTA FE. (R)
   SAN DIEGO, I LOVE YOU. (R)
   THE SCARLET CLAW. (R)
   SEE MY LAWYER. (R)
   SHERLOCK HOLMES FACES DEATH. (R)
   THE SINGING SHERIFF. (R)
   SKI FOR TWO. (R)
   SONNY DUNHAM AND HIS ORCHESTRA IN JIVE BUSTERS. (R)
   SOUTH OF DIXIE. (R)
   SPIDER WOMAN. (R)
   SPINNING A YARN. (R)
   SWINGTIME HOLIDAY. (R)
   TRAIL TO GUNSIGHT. (R)
   TRIGGER TRAIL. (R)
   TWILIGHT ON THE PRAIRIE. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WE'VE NEVER BEEN LICKED. (R)
   WORLD WITHOUT BORDERS. (R)

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   THE BOFORS GUN.

 Universal-Public Arts Productions.
   ANY SECOND NOW.
   THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING.

 Universal Television.
   I LOVE A MYSTERY.
   THE SMUGGLERS.

 University Films.
   EXPERIMENTING.

 University Hospitals of Cleveland.
   SUTURES, NEEDLES AND SKIN CLOSURE MATERIALS.

 University of California at Los Angeles. Division of Vocational
    Education.
   THE INSTRUCTIONAL PROCESS IN VOCATIONAL EDUCATION.

 University of California, Berkeley. Extension Media Center.
   MY ART IS ME.

 University of California, Berkeley. Science Curriculum Improvement
    Study.
   DON'T TELL ME, I'LL FIND OUT.

 University of California. Regents.
   DON'T TELL ME, I'LL FIND OUT.
   THE INSTRUCTIONAL PROCESS IN VOCATIONAL EDUCATION.
   MY ART IS ME.

 University of Hawaii Press.
   VOLCANOES IN THE SEA.

 Upjohn Co.
   GYNECOLOGIC LAPAROSCOPY.


                                   V

 V.I. Productions, Ltd.
   THREESOME.

 Van Bernard Productions, Inc.
   THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

 Van Slambrook, Marilynn L.
   MILD ANXIETY.

 Video Films, Inc.
   SHOCKS TO RUN WITH.

 Viking Films Miniature Film Studios.
   ARTHUR'S WORLD.
   GEORGIE TO THE RESCUE.
   THE MARVELOUS MARCH OF JEAN FRANCOIS.
   NIGHT'S NICE.

 Viola, Albert T.
   PREACHERMAN.

 Viscount Productions, Inc.
   FROM WHERE I SIT.

 Vision Associates, Inc.
   MARKET IN MOTION.

 Visualscope, Inc.
   MODERN MERCHANDISING.
   SELLING BATTERIES.
   SELLING IN THE LUBE BAY.
   SELLING TIRES.

 Vocational Education Productions, California State Polytechnic College.
   SEE California State Polytechnic College, San Luis Obispo. Vocational
      Education Productions.

 Vonnegut, Kurt, Jr.
   HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE.

 Votion (Jack Wm.) Productions, Inc.
   GOIN' TO TOWN. (R)


                                   W

 WGBH (Television station) Boston.
   BARBARA LINDEN.

 WHA (Television station) Madison, Wis.
   JERRY MCNEELY.

 WLUK (Television station) Green Bay, Wis.
   ART LINKLETTER TALKS TO OUR CHILDREN.
   ART LINKLETTER TALKS TO PARENTS.

 Walker, Turnley.
   DEMOCRACY - EQUALITY OR PRIVILEGE.
   IMPEACHMENT OF A PRESIDENT.
   THE RIGHT OF DISSENT.
   THE RIGHT OF PETITION.
   STATES' RIGHTS.

 Wallace, Irving.
   THE SEVEN MINUTES.

 Wanda June Co.
   HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WANDA JUNE.

 Ward (Darrell) Productions.
   PROFESSIONAL MACHINE ROUTING.

 Ward, Patricia. SEE Ward (Darrell) Productions.

 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
   BAA BAA BLACK SHEEP. (R)
   GRANDFATHER'S FOLLIES. (R)
   IN OUR TIME. (R)
   OVER THE WALL. (R)
   PASSAGE TO MARSEILLE. (R)
   ROARING GUNS. (R)

 Warwick Amusement Corp.
   THUNDER ROCK. (R)

 Watts, Mabel.
   ZACHARY ZWEEN.

 Wayfilms.
   PETTICOAT JUNCTION.

 Webb, Charles.
   THE GRADUATE.

 Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   SEE McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.

 Wediko Films.
   JOHNNY.

 Welcome Productions, Inc.
   WELCOME TO THE CLUB.

 Werrenrath, Reinald, Jr.
   EXTINCTION: A LESSON FROM THE PAST.
   RECYCLING WASTE.
   SURVIVAL IN THE ANIMAL WORLD.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   CROW BOY.
   EZRA JACK KEATS.
   LEOPOLD THE SEE-THROUGH CRUMBPICKER.
   LET'S BE ENEMIES.
   A LETTER TO AMY.
   THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY.
   LONDON BRIDGE IS FALLING DOWN.
   THE MOTHER GOOSE TREASURY.
   OVER IN THE MEADOW.
   PETER'S CHAIR.
   PETUNIA.
   A PICTURE FOR HAROLD'S ROOM.
   THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS.

 Westport Communications Group.
   THE AMERICANS.

 Wexler Film Productions.
   MARRIAGE.

 White Assn.
   CRITICAL DRIVING PATTERNS.
   DRIVING IN TRAFFIC.
   RURAL DRIVING.

 White, Laura Schaefer.
   THE PILGRIM STORY.

 White, Ruth S.
   GARDEN OF DELIGHTS FOR KIDS.

 Whitman, Walt.
   TO THE OUTSETTING BARD.

 Wickes Corp. Wickes Homes, Inc.
   SEE Wickes Homes, Inc.

 Wickes Homes, Inc.
   $500.00 PACKAGE.
   SNAP-IN CARTRIDGE.

 Wilding, Inc.
   ART, THE MARK OF MAN.

 Wiley (John) & Sons, Inc.
   INVOLUNTARY CONTROL.
   THE ORIGIN OF LIFE.
   THE RAVAGED LAND.

 Wilson, S. J.
   TO FIND A MAN.

 Winkast Film Productions, Ltd.
   WHEN EIGHT BELLS TOLL.

 Winner (Michael) Ltd.
   LAWMAN.

 Wolper Productions, Inc.
   MONKEYS, APES AND MAN.

 Wombat Productions, Inc.
   THE FACES OF PATRIOTS.

 Wood, Clement Biddle.
   WELCOME TO THE CLUB.

 Woodfall Films, Ltd.
   LAUGHTER IN THE DARK.

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   DEFENSIVE DRIVING.
   DEFENSIVE TACTICS.
   PATROL PROCEDURES.

 Wrather Corp.
   LASSIE.


                                   X

 Xanadu Productions, Inc.
   THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

 Xicom, Inc.
   GETTING WORK DONE THROUGH GROUPS.
   THE PARISH COUNCIL.
   PARISH COUNCIL COMMITTEES.


                                   Y

 Yashima, Taro.
   CROW BOY.

 Yeah, Inc.
   SWEET SWEETBACK'S BAAD ASSSSS SONG.

 Yeck Bros. Group.
   FLASHBACK.

 Yongestreet Productions.
   THE NIGHT DIGGER.

 Young & Saunders Productions, Inc.
   SEE B.D.S.L. Productions.

 Youngson (Robert) Productions, Inc.
   4 CLOWNS.


                                   Z

 Zinc Institute, Inc.
   FREEDOM BY DESIGN.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.


          ☆ U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1972 O - 463-265

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


  Copy-
  right
 Regis-
  tra-            Changed From                     Changed To
 tion or
  Page
 Number

 JP13207 Q-ED Productions                QED Productions

 L12474  7Feb44                          © 7Feb44

 LF79    Richard Atten-Borough           Richard Attenborough

 LF81    Wilfrid Hyde White              Wilfrid Hyde-White

 LP38511 Buston Keaton                   Buster Keaton

 LP38541 Les Line                        Les Kline

 LP38558 Phyllis Kra Krasilovsky         Phyllis Krasilovsky

 LP38566 Don MacDougall                  Don McDougall

 LP38576 Halper Flaherty                 Harper Flaherty

 LP38577 Joseph Pruney                   Joseph Pevney

 LP38582 Norman Macdonnel                Norman MacDonnell

 LP38588 Norman McDonnel                 Norman MacDonnell

 LP38695 Robert Priosh                   Robert Pirosh

 LP38804 Lynn Kellog                     Lynn Kellogg

 LP38821 Dom DeLuise                     Dom De Luise

 LP38906 Armando Sylvestre               Armando Silvestre

 LP38952 Robert Stable                   Robert Stabler

 LP38958 The mezela man                  The mezcla man

 LP38960 Herb Purdum                     Herb Purdom

 LP39045 John Arth Arthur Morrill        John Arthur Morrill

 LP39056 Rosanno Brazzi                  Rossano Brazzi

 LP39058 William Burgett                 William Boyett

 LP39063 Martin Milnter                  Martin Milner

 LP39066 Martin Miner                    Martin Milner

 LP39068 Joseph Peveney                  Joseph Pevney

 LP39069 Kent McCaord                    Kent McCord

 LP39080 Jeck Webb                       Jack Webb

 LP39082 Julie Bennet                    Julie Bennett

 LP39111 John McGreevy                   John McGreevey

 LP39116 Steven & Eleanor Karof          Steven & Eleanor Karpf

 LP39121 Del More                        Del Moore

 LP39124 James McCrackin                 James McEachin

 LP39145 George Exkstein                 George Eckstein

 LP39148 Peter Weatherly                 Peter Weatherley

 LP39298 Frank Teleford                  Frank Telford

 LP39299 Cy Salkowitz                    Sy Salkowitz

 LP39300 Dan Mitchell                    Don Mitchell

 LP39302 Don Gallaway                    Don Galloway

 LP39310 Arthur Weingarter               Arthur Weingarten

 LP39313 Glen A. Carson                  Glen A. Larson

 LP39423 Sid Melto                       Sid Melton

 LP39489 Mirisch D.F.                    Mirisch-D.F.

 LP39490 Mirisch D.F.                    Mirisch-D.F.

 LP39506 Jacques Aubouchon               Jacques Aubuchon

 LP39509 Paul Henried                    Paul Henreid

 LP39539 Mike Manor                      Mike Minor

 LP39562 Funilla Hutton                  Gunilla Hutton

 LP39599 Meridith MacRae                 Meredith MacRae

 LP39612 Ed Juris                        Ed Jurist
           Bernard Sale                    Bernard Slade

 LP39627 Searl Kramer                    Searle Kramer

 LP39666 Global Produktions, A.G.        Global Productions, A.G.

         Dino di Laurentiis              Dino de Laurentiis
 LP39823   Cinematografica                 Cinematografica
           Dino di Laurentiis              Dino de Laurentiis
           Cinematografica                 Cinematografica

 LP39831 Sid Selinka                     Sid Zelinka

         LP39965.
                                         3. The smallest diamond in the
           3. The smallest diamond in      world. Credits: Producer,
           the world. Credits: Producer,   Jerome Courtland; director,
 LP39965   Jerome Courtland; director,     E. W. Swackhamer; writer,
           E. W. Swackhamer; writer,       Allan Devon. Cast: Renne
           Allan Devon. Cast: Renne        Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F.
           Jarrett, John Fink, Robert F.   Simon, John Degan, James
           Simon, John Degan, James        Dobson. © 1Oct70; LP39965.
           Dobson. © 1Oct70;

 LP40218 11 mm.                          11 min.

 LP40318 Wilfrid Hyde White              Wilfrid Hyde-White

 MP21031 Maurice H. Zouary Zouary        Maurice H. Zouary

 MP21107 Druidstone Hottentot Production Druidstone-Hottentot Production
           Corp.                           Corp.

 MP21187 American National Red Cross     American National Red Cross
           Cross

 MP21507 American Mangement Assn., Inc.  American Management Assn., Inc.

 MP21644 Jand Van Lawick-Goodall         Jane Van Lawick-Goodall

 MP21657 Coca Cola Co.                   Coca-Cola Co.

 MP21658 Coca Cola Co.                   Coca-Cola Co.

 R510807 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.    Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
           (PHW                            (PWH)

 R512259 Columbia Pictures Industries,   Columbia Pictures Industries,
           Inc. (PHW)                      Inc. (PWH)

 R512645 Walt Disney Productions (PHW)   Walt Disney Productions (PWH)

 14      DEMON OF KALENEMI               DEMON OF KALANEMI

 72      Division of Currciulum          Division of Curriculum
           Resources                       Resources

 78      Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.       Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

 81      LOOK AT THE DIFFRENCE           LOOK AT THE DIFFERENCE

 105     GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS.            GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!

 106     THE GREAT MAYORALTY CAMPAIGN    THE GREAT MAYORALITY CAMPAIGN

 105     THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHHAMPTON     THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON

 116     THE MOTHERS IN LAW.             THE MOTHERS-IN-LAW

 140     IT TAKES A THEIF                IT TAKES A THIEF

 161     THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHHAMPTON     THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON

         Doubleday & Co., Inc. Book y    Doubleday & Co., Inc. Book y
 161       Properities, Inc.               Properties, Inc.
           SEE Book Properities, Inc.      SEE Book Properties, Inc.

 162     THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHHAMPTON     THE PRUITTS OF SOUTHAMPTON

 169     [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM,        [1972 ANNOUNCEMENT FILM,
           PLYMOUTH SATTELITE]             PLYMOUTH SATELLITE]

 1. Corrected spelling, accents, grammar, hyphenation, and punctuation
    of names according to the following guidelines.
        ● The names of movies in the main Motion Pictures list
          determined usage unless all the Index entries indicate
          otherwise. See change list.
        ● The names of individuals and companies featured in the Index
          listing determined usage unless all of the Motion Pictures
          entries indicated otherwise. See change list.

 2. Silently corrected simple spelling, grammar, and typographical
    errors of other than names of movies, persons, and companies as
    mentioned previously.
 3. Otherwise retained anachronistic and non-standard spellings as
    printed.
 4. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Motion Pictures, 1971, by 
Copyright Office Library of Congress

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MOTION PICTURES, 1971 ***

***** This file should be named 63066-0.txt or 63066-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/3/0/6/63066/

Produced by Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive)

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

